What are Profile and User Settings
What can I do in my user account?
In Global Navigation, you can click the Account link, then use the Account Navigation links to do any of the following:
Manage notification settings as an instructor, as a student, or as an observer/parent
Upload personal files
Access user account settings
Create and manage ePortfolios of your course work
Preview and import content shared with you 
Share a QR code for logging into the Canvas mobile app as an instructor, as a student, or as an observer/parent
View account-wide global announcements as an instructor, as a student, or as an observer/parent
Manage your profile
You can also enhance the color contrast in Canvas or log out of Canvas.
When would I use my user settings?
Depending on your user role, you can click the Settings link to:
View and edit your user settings, such as your full name, display name, personal pronouns, language preference, and time zone
Add or change your profile picture
Change your default email address or add an additional email address for notifications
Change your password as an instructor, as a student, or as an observer/parent
Set up multi-factor authentication for added account security
Connect to and manage web services outside of Canvas such as Google Drive
Manage user feature options, such as celebration animations (confetti)
Manage approved integrations (third-party applications that are authorized to access Canvas through API access tokens)
Download your assignment submissions from current and previous courses as a student
Generate a pairing code to share with a parent/observer as a student
Link a student to your user account as a parent/observer 
Download course content as an ePub file
When would I use my profile?
If your institution has enabled the Profiles feature, you can do the following:
Add profile information such as a biography and custom links
View profile information for other users
View your enrollments
View enrollments you share with other users
Learn more about editing your profile as an instructor, as a student, or as an observer/parent.
Note: You can only edit your profile if an admin allows profiled editing through Account Settings.How do I view my grades in a current course as a student
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Grades
From the grades page you can select the Course for which you want to view grades. By default, grades are sorted chronologically by assignment due date. In the Arrange by menu, you can also sort by module, assignment name, or assignment group. To see the specified grades, click the Apply button. Assignments that are not part of a module will be shown at the end of the assignments list in alphabetical order. However, if modules or assignment groups aren't used in your course, they won't be included as sorting options.
You can view the name of the assignment, the assignment due date, the assignment submission date the assignment status, the score you earned, and the total point value of the assignment. You may also be able to view whether the assignment includes scoring details, comments, or rubrics.
You may see various grade icons in the score column indicating the type of assignment you submitted. These assignments have not been graded by your instructor. Once the assignment is graded, the icon will be replaced by your score.
The grades page also lets you create hypothetical or What-If grades. You can click any score field and approximate your grade for both graded assignments (if want to submit an assignment) and ungraded assignments.
To print your grades, click the Print Grades button.
View Grading Periods
If grading periods are enabled in your course, you can view your grades according to grading period. By default the Grades page displays the current grading period. If an assignment does not include a due date, it will display as a part of the last grading period. To view grades for another course, click the Course drop-down menu. To see the specified grading period and course, click the Apply button.
If your course includes weighted assignment groups, assignment groups may vary in the sidebar depending on which grading period you are viewing. An assignment group displays if the group has at least one assignment due in the selected grading period. 
When grading periods are weighted and you select the All Grading Periods option, the sidebar displays the weights of each grading period.
View Late Assignment
Your instructor may enforce an automatic late policy in your course. Any assignments that are submitted after the due date are marked as late. The late policy automatically deducts a percentage of the grade from the total score. Late assignments display the Late icon in the Status column of the gradebook. To view submission details for a late assignment, click the submission name.
View Late Submission
The Submission Details page displays your grade, the amount deducted for the late penalty, and the final grade.
View Grade Info
Some assignments include a black warning icon, which alerts you that points earned from this assignment will not count toward your final grade. You should still submit this assignment unless it has been excused by your instructor.
View Comments
If there are comments in your assignment, the assignment displays a Comment icon. To view comments, click the Comment icon. If there are unread comments, an indicator is displayed. Once the comments are read, the indicator disappears.
Comments are organized chronologically. 
If there is feedback besides text comments, such as media comments, click the Feedback icon to open the submission details and view the other feedback.
To close comments, click the Close link.
View Scoring Details
If you can view scoring details, click the Check Mark icon. You can view the grade distribution for the assignment and view the mean, high, low, median, upper quartile, and lower quartile scores.
The graph's horizontal line extends from 0 to the assignment's highest possible score. The white box extends from the lowest to the highest student scores. Your score appears as a blue square on this plot.
You will only see scoring details if more than five other students have submitted that assignment in the course. If you do not see the scoring details, then fewer than five students have submitted the assignment.
To close scoring details, click the Close link. 
View Rubric
An assignment may also include a Rubric icon, which means the assignment included a rubric for grading purposes. To view your results, click the icon. View your score based on the rubric. To close the rubric, click the Close Rubric link.
Note: The total rubric score may be restricted by your instructor.
View Assignment Groups
The Grades page will list the assignment groups included in your course. Assignment groups allow instructors to organize assignments, discussions, and quizzes into groups and apply specific grading rules or weights to those groups. You can view the percentage score for each group and the points you've earned versus the total points possible.
Note: Assignment group percentages may be restricted by your instructor. 
View Sidebar
The grade summary shows your total grade, allows you to view any saved what-if scores, and allows you to show or hide all scoring details, comments, and rubrics shown in the Grades page.
Depending on the grade calculation for your course, your total grade may display as a point value or as a percentage. 
Note: Your instructor may restrict you from viewing your total grade.
View Current and Total Grades
The current grade is calculated by adding up the graded assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme. This grade is calculated with the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox selected in the sidebar.
The total grade is calculated by adding all the assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme (both graded and ungraded assignments). To view the total grade, deselect the sidebar checkbox. The grade at the top of the sidebar will reflect your total grade.
Note: If your instructor has restricted you from viewing the current and/or total grades, selecting or deselecting the sidebar checkbox still affects individual assignments. You may be able to see small changes with assignment shading indicating that a grade may be dropped from the course.
View Percentage Grade Calculation
The sidebar shows the information about how your grades are calculated. 
If your assignment groups are weighted, the sidebar will show the breakdown of weighted assignment groups.
Assignment groups will always display as a percentage. If your instructor allows you to view total grades, you can see a breakdown in the points you've earned versus the total points possible.
Note: Your instructor may restrict you from viewing your grade totals in assignment group percentages.
View Points Grade Calculation
If your course does not use assignment groups, your total grade can be displayed in points or percentage. If your total grade is displayed in points, you can view your overall grade percentage. Again, your instructor may restrict you from viewing your total grade. 
Note: Your instructor may restrict you from viewing grade totals.
View Qualitative Grade Calculation
If your institution restricts viewing quantitative data, your total grade is displayed using a grading scheme, usually letter grades. Again, your instructor may restrict you from viewing your total grade. 
Change Gradebook
If you have more than one course, you can use the course drop-down menu to view grades in other courses.
If your Grades page shows Assignments and Learning Mastery headings, you can also view your standards-based scores in the Learning Mastery link.How do I add contact methods to receive Canvas notifications as a student
00:00: How do I add contact methods to receive Canvas notifications as a student?
00:05: In Global Navigation, click the Account link.
00:09: Then click the Settings link.
00:12: In the Ways to Contact sidebar, your account displays the default email associated with your account, if any. However, if you want to add an additional email address, click the Add Email Address link.
00:26: If you have multiple Canvas accounts, you can view the Add icon, which allows you to merge the address with another Canvas account that uses the same email address.
00:36: If you want to add Slack as a contact method, click the Add Contact Method link.
00:42: In User Settings, Canvas may display the following icons to indicate a contact method's status: Warning: indicates a bounced contact method. To correct the error, you can remove then re-add the contact method to your profile.
00:58: Check Mark: notifies you of an unconfirmed email address.
01:03: To delete a contact method, click the Delete icon.
01:07: The Web Services portion on your settings page is divided into two columns.
01:12: Services you have already registered, such as through the Ways to Contact section of your settings, or through course Collaborations and assignments, appear in the left column under the Registered Services heading.
01:23: Other services that are available for registration appear in the right column under the Other Services heading.
01:29: When you allow third-party integrations to access your account, the Approved Integrations section will appear and display the authorized integrations. Each integration will show you the name of the app, the purpose (if one is noted), the date the app was last used, the date the app expires, and a link to view further details.
01:50: This guide showed how to add contact methods to receive Canvas notifications as a student.
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
Add Ways to Contact
In the Ways to Contact sidebar, your account displays the default email associated with your account, if any. However, if you want to add an additional email address, click the Add Email Address link.
If you have multiple Canvas accounts, you can view the Add icon, which allows you to merge the address with another Canvas account that uses the same email address.
If you want to add Slack as a contact method, click the Add Contact Method link.
View Communication Warnings
Canvas does not send notifications to communication channels that have bounced, which means the channel can no longer attempt to generate or send a notification. Bounces can occur from invalid addresses (caused by address typos, changed addresses, etc.) or blocked servers.
In User Settings, Canvas may display the following icons to indicate a contact method's status:
Warning: indicates a bounced contact method. To correct the error, you can remove then re-add the contact method to your profile. 
Check Mark: notifies you of an unconfirmed email address. 
To delete a contact method, click the Delete icon. 
Link to Web Services
The Web Services portion on your settings page is divided into two columns. Services you have already registered, such as through the Ways to Contact section of your settings, or through course Collaborations and assignments, appear in the left column under the Registered Services heading. Other services that are available for registration appear in the right column under the Other Services heading. 
Learn how to add web services in Canvas.
View Approved Integrations
When you allow third-party integrations to access your account, the Approved Integrations section will appear and display the authorized integrations. Each integration will show you the name of the app, the purpose (if one is noted), the date the app was last used, the date the app expires, and a link to view further details. How do I align an outcome with a question bank as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Manage Question Banks
Click the Options icon and click the Manage Question Banks link.
Select Question Bank
Click the title of the Question Bank to be aligned with the Outcome.
Align Outcome
Click the Align Outcome button.
Find Outcome
Choose the Outcome from the listed Outcomes. Set the mastery level by typing in the percent field. The mastery level is the percentage score that a student has to earn before you consider the student to have mastered the outcome. For example, a mastery score of 60 means that the student has to earn a 60% or higher on the aligned quiz questions. This score is only calculated using questions from the aligned question bank.
Click the Import button to align the Outcome with the Question Bank.
View Aligned Outcomes
View the aligned Outcome in your quiz. How do I create an assignment shell in an assignment group as an instructor
Open Assignments 
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
In an assignment group header, click the Add icon.
Enter Assignment Details
Set the Assignment type by selecting the type drop-down menu, enter the Assignment title in the Name field, click the Calendar icon to select a due date or manually enter a due date, and enter the number of points for the assignment in the points field. 
If your institution has enabled a student information system (SIS) integration, you can enable the assignment to sync to the SIS by selecting the Sync to SIS checkbox.
Save Assignment
To edit the assignment details, click the More Options button. 
If you want to save your assignment shell and edit the details later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Error
Due dates are verified against course data. If you have set a due date that is not allowed, Canvas displays information about the error.
Correct the date and then save the assignment again. 
Note: If the error relates to a course end date, and the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the assignment against the term date for the course.How do I add a moderated assignment to be graded by multiple reviewers as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
To create an assignment with all assignment details at the same time, click the Add Assignment button.
Edit Assignment
If you want to edit an existing assignment that has not yet received student submissions, click the name of the assignment.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Select Moderated Grading
Click the Moderated Grading checkbox.
Select Number of Graders
In the Number of Graders text box, enter the number of graders who should grade the submission. If the number of graders is changed to a higher number, the page displays a message that there are not enough course users with grading permissions to fulfill the desired number of graders. 
Canvas allows for a maximum of 10 graders. If you enter a number larger than 10, the page displays a message that only 10 graders are available in the course.
A moderator does not have to specify which specific graders in the course can grade submissions. If a course includes a surplus of graders higher than the desired number of graders, any grader can assess an assignment submission until the specified number of grades has been achieved. When an assignment has reached the specified number of graders, remaining graders will not be able to access the assignment anywhere in Canvas.
The moderator is never included in the number of available graders since the moderator does not traditionally grade individual submissions. However, the moderator may choose to provide a custom grade instead of selecting a grade from one of the graders.
Select Grader Visibility
If you want to allow graders to view each other's comments, select the Graders can view each other's comments checkbox. This option is selected by default.
Note: If anonymous grading is also enabled for your course, selecting this option displays the Graders cannot view each other's names checkbox in the anonymous grading assignment options. 
This option allows graders to view comments from other graders but not view the name associated with each comment.
Select Final Grader
In the Select Grader menu, select the name of the moderator, or the grader who determines the final grade. The Select Grader menu displays the names of course graders who have been given permission to determine the final grade. This permission is assigned to one or more roles at the account level. If you have permission, you can select your own name as the final grader.
To allow the final grader to view other graders' names, click the Final grader can view other grader names checkbox. This option is selected by default.
Save Assignment
If you want to notify users about any future assignment changes, click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox. Click the Save button. 
Note: If your assignment has not yet been published, the assignment will show the Save & Publish button. The Save button will create a draft of your assignment so you can publish it later.How do I assign a student leader to a group as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
You can add a group leader as part of a group set. 
To create a new group set, click the Add Group Set button.
Note: You can also edit existing group sets.
Create Group Set
You can automatically assign group leaders when creating a new group set when: 
Allowing Self Sign-up groups
Automatically creating groups for student distribution 
Note: If you want to create groups manually, you also have to set a student leader manually.
Automatically Assign Leader
In the Leadership section, click the Automatically assign a student group leader checkbox. Then select the radio button for your assignment preference:
Set first student to join as group leader. This option tells Canvas to assign the first student who joins the group as the group leader.
Set a random student as group leader. This option tells Canvas to choose a student randomly.
Note: If you choose to have Canvas split your students into an equal number of groups automatically, you can select either radio button for the leadership option. If you select the first radio button, the first student who joins each group as part of the automatic group distribution process will be the group leader.
Assign in Individual Group
To add a leader in an individual group, click the name of a group set.
Manually Assign Leader
Expand the group where you want to add a group leader. Locate the student name and click the user Options icon. Select the Set as Leader link.
View Student Leader
View the student name next to the name of the group, which indicates the student is the leader for that group. 
When viewing the list of group members, you can also quickly identify the group leader as the student name will display a People icon.
Remove Student Leader
You can manually remove a group leader at any time. To remove a student group leader, expand the group to view all students. Locate the student group leader and click the user Options menu. Then select the Remove as Leader link. How do I add a section to a course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
Open Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Add Section
In the section field, type the name of the new section. Click the Add Section button.
Add SIS ID
If you need to add or edit an SIS ID, click the name of the section.
Click the Edit Section button.
In the SIS ID field, enter or edit the SIS ID. Click the Update Section button.
View Section
View the section in your course. 
You can also choose to change section start and end dates if needed.
You can add additional sections if necessary. Multiple sections are ordered alphabetically.
Note: Sections with SIS IDs also display the section's SIS ID in the Course Sections page.How do I create a Formula question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz. 
Add Formula Question
Click the Add Formula button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Identify variables in your question by surrounding variable names by backticks. (e.g., a variable name of x can be identified by typing `x`.)
Add Variable Answers
After typing the question with the variable, parameters to define the formula will display. Set the variable answers for the formula. Specify the minimum and maximum values for the variable. Select decimal places in by using the increase or decrease arrows.
Add Formula Definition
Type the formula definition in the formula field. Make sure the formula does not contain any brackets or equal signs. 
Notes: The Formula Definition supports the following operators: + (add), - (subtract), * (multiply), / (divide), and ^ (power).
Generate Possible Solutions
Specify the number of possible solutions you want to generate in the Number of solutions field. Then select the number of decimal places required in the Decimal places field.
In the Margin type field, select the absolute or percent margin type. Enter the margin of error for the student's answer in the +/- margin of error field. Responses are based on relative error in addition to absolute error. Margins of error can be created as a percentage or as a point value (up to three decimal places).
To display solutions in scientific notation, click the Display as Scientific Notation button.
To view possible solutions, click the Generate button.
View Possible Solutions
Possible solutions will process according to the number of value combinations.
Set Options
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox.
If you select this option, you can enable a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.How can I create a quiz where students only see one question at a time
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Notes:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz.
Note: To edit quiz settings for a quiz that uses the New Quizzes quiz engine, see How do I manage settings for an assessment in New Quizzes?
Edit Quiz Options
Click the Show one question at a time checkbox. If you want to keep your students from returning to a previous question during the quiz, click the Lock questions after answering checkbox. 
Edit Quiz Questions
In the Questions tab, you can create a new question, create a new question group, or find questions by selecting them from a question bank. 
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
To preview the quiz, click the Preview button. When you are ready for students to see the quiz in the course, click the Publish button. 
Note: We recommend you do not publish your quiz until it is final. If you change the quiz after a student has already opened it, the student will not see any of the changes in his or her version of the quiz. How do I export a New Quiz from a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link. 
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To export a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open the Build page, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Open Exports
Click the Exports tab.
Create Export
Click the Create Export button.
View Quiz Export
When the export is complete, click the Quiz Export link.How do I submit an assignment on behalf of a group as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
View Group Assignment
To open assignment submission options, click the Start Assignment button.
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the group assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Upload File
To upload a file from your computer, click the Upload File button. When the file window appears, locate and click the name of the file. At the bottom of the window, click the Chooseor Browse button (depending on your browser).
To upload a file you already uploaded to Canvas, click theClick here to find a file you've already uploaded link. The file list will expand. Click the name of the file.
You can add a comment to your group assignment submission. Comments on group assignments that are not graded individually are sent to the whole group.
If you have access to upload a file from Google Drive, you can submit a Google file by clicking the Google Drive.
Note:If you want to submit a file that was previously uploaded, the file must already be in your user files. Group files cannot be accessed through assignment submissions.
Select Comment Option
If your assignment submission includes commenting options, each member of your group is being graded individually. If you want to add a comment, type your comment in the comment box. 
To send your comment to your instructor, select Send comment to instructor only. 
To send your comment to your instructor and all members of your group, select Send comment to the whole group. 
Submit Assignment
Click the Submit Assignment button.
Note: Large files submitted using the File Upload tab display a submission status indicator.
View Submission
The Sidebar displays information about your submission. 
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about the group assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page. 
Notes: 
After submitting an assignment, the assignment will still appear in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions. 
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. How do I filter assignments by type as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Group Assignments by Type
Click the Show By Type button.
View Assignments by Type
Now you can view all the Assignments for the course in the groupings rather than just all at once. You can also see how much each grouping will be worth in the final grade.How do I use account settings as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
The settings portion of your account is only available to Canvas admins. 
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View Settings
In the Account Settings tab, you can specify settings for the entire account. This tab includes several sections that you can manage including Account Settings, IP Address Filters, Features, Global JavaScript and CSS, Custom Help Links, Enabled Web Services, and permissions for who can create new courses.
Note: The Default Due Time feature option must be enabled to view the Default Due Time drop-down menu. 
View Quotas
In the Quotas tab, you can set default account quotas for courses, users, and groups. You can also set quotas by Course ID or Group ID.
View Integrations
If your account has enabled the Microsoft Group enrollment syncing feature option, you can view the Integration tab. From this tab, you can allow courses in your account to sync course data with Microsoft Teams.
View Notifications
In the Notifications tab, you can change the settings for email notifications. You can choose to keep the default Canvas setting or change the Email Notification “From” Name for Canvas notifications. This custom text can be your institution name or whatever sender information you would like to use. Using the custom text field helps student identify notification emails more easily and improves the quality of student-instructor interaction. 
You can also warn users about notifications sent to external services; adding a non-institution based email address may result in the exposure of sensitive content.
Note: Only root account admins can configure notification settings for an account. The Notifications tab is not available in sub-accounts.
View Admins
In the Admins tab, you can view and edit the admins assigned to this account. If you are working with sub-accounts, admin privileges are limited to the scope of just that sub-account and below. Learn how to add an administrative user to your account.
View Announcements
In the Announcements tab, you can send out global announcements to every user in that account. These announcements are used to announce events such as building closures, class cancelations, holidays, etc. Learn more about global announcements. 
View Reports
The Reports tab is where custom reports will appear after you design them. There are many more reports available in Canvas, they just aren't listed on this page. They are available in context. Quiz reports, for example, are available from the quiz page itself. User reports are available on the user's profile page.
View Apps
If your institution has enabled the Canvas App Center, in the Apps tab you can view all available external learning tools in Canvas. However, you can also configure apps manually.
External learning tools are often developed as LTI integrations. These tools may be published along with a textbook, and access to these tools is often restricted to students in the course. Any LTI provider should be able to give you the information you need to configure the tool in Canvas. Once configured here at the account level, it is available to any course designer or instructor in the account. 
View Feature Options
The Feature Options tab displays new features that are available to your account on both the account and course levels. Features can be turned on for the entire account, turned off for the entire account, or allowed so instructors can decide whether or not to use the feature. Instructors can enable course-allowed features on a course-by-course basis.
View Security
The Security tab is where the Content Security Policy can be managed. You can enable or disable the Content Security Policy and add or remove allowed domains.
Note: The Security tab only displays in Account Settings if the Content Security Policy feature option has been enabled.How do I record a conference as an instructor
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
Add Conference
Click the Add Conference button.
Enable Recording
 To turn on the options for recording within the conference, click the Enable recording for this conference checkbox.
Save Conference
Click the Save button.
Once you start your conference, you can start and stop the recording as necessary in the Conferences interface.
Note: Completed recordings may take some time to render.How do I create an SQS queue in Amazon Web Services to receive Live Events data from Canvas as an admin
Open Amazon SQS Console
In the Amazon Web Services console, open the Simple Queue Service (SQS) console by typing the name in the Services field. When Simple Queue Service displays in the list, click the name.
Create New Queue
In the Amazon SQS console, click theCreate queuebutton.
Select Standard Queue
In the Type section, select the Standard option.
Note: FIFO Queues are not currently supported.
Enter Queue Name
Enter a name for the queue. The name of the queue must begin withcanvas-live-events.
Enter Configuration Details
Enter the Configuration details. You can enter your preferences for visibility timeout, delivery delay, receive message wait time, message retention period, and maximum message size. 
Enter Access Policy Details
Enter the details for your access policy.
In the Choose method section, select the Basic option.
In the Define who can send messages to the queue section, select the Only the specified AWS accounts, IAM users and roles option.
In the account ID field, enter the account number 636161780776. This account number is required for the queue to receive Live Events data.
You can also select who will receive messages in the Define who can receive messages from the queue section.
Save Queue
You can add additional details in Encryption settings, Dead-letter queue settings, and Tags settings. All of these settings are optional.
To create your queue, click the Create queue button.
View Queue Permission
In the queue details area, the permission will display in the Permissions tab.
To edit the permission, click theEditicon. To delete the permission, click theDeleteicon.
Using SSE setting with your SQS (Optional)
Canvas Live Events service supports SSE enabled on SQS, in order for SSE to be used the following setup needs to be enabled on the customer SQS :
1. Create a CMK or custom key with this policy, which can be generated by following the steps for creating a CMK, and during step 4 (Define Key Usage Permissions), clicking “Add another AWS Account” and entering the Instructure account number636161780776.
{
 "Id": "key-consolepolicy-3",
 "Version": "2012-10-17",
 "Statement": [
 {
 "Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Principal": {
 "AWS": "arn of the customer account root"
 },
 "Action": "kms:*",
 "Resource": "*"
 },
 {
 "Sid": "Allow access for Key Administrators",
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Principal": {
 "AWS": "arn of admin user"
 },
 "Action": [
 "kms:Create*",
 "kms:Describe*",
 "kms:Enable*",
 "kms:List*",
 "kms:Put*",
 "kms:Update*",
 "kms:Revoke*",
 "kms:Disable*",
 "kms:Get*",
 "kms:Delete*",
 "kms:TagResource",
 "kms:UntagResource",
 "kms:ScheduleKeyDeletion",
 "kms:CancelKeyDeletion"
 ],
 "Resource": "*"
 },
 {
 "Sid": "Allow use of the key",
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Principal": {
 "AWS": [
 "arn of admin user",
 "arn:aws:iam::636161780776:root" // instructure account
 ]
 },
 "Action": [
 "kms:Encrypt",
 "kms:Decrypt",
 "kms:ReEncrypt*",
 "kms:GenerateDataKey*",
 "kms:DescribeKey"
 ],
 "Resource": "*"
 },
 {
 "Sid": "Allow attachment of persistent resources",
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Principal": {
 "AWS": [
 "arn of admin user",
 "arn:aws:iam::636161780776:root" // instructure account
 ]
 },
 "Action": [
 "kms:CreateGrant",
 "kms:ListGrants",
 "kms:RevokeGrant"
 ],
 "Resource": "*",
 "Condition": {
 "Bool": {
 "kms:GrantIsForAWSResource": "true"
 }
 }
 }
 ]
}??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
2. Create an SQS queue, and enable SSE. Provide the ARN of the newly-created CMK.
3. Create a new IAM policy, that grants access to the queue and the key, the policy needs to look exactly like this:
{
 "Version": "2012-10-17",
 "Statement": [{
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Action": [
 "kms:GenerateDataKey",
 "kms:Decrypt"
 ],
 "Resource": "CMK arn"
 }, {
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Action": [
 "sqs:SendMessage",
 "sqs:SendMessageBatch"
 ],
 "Resource": "queue arn"
 }]???????????????????????????????????????????????????
4. Create a new IAM user and attach the above policy. Save the access key and secret key, and provide them to us as part of the subscription.How do I generate a pairing code for an observer as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open User Details
Click the student's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
Pair with Observer
Click the Pair with Observer link.
Note: If you cannot view the Pair with Observer link, the permission to generate pairing codes has not been enabled for your role, or self-enrollment has not been enabled for your course.
Copy Pairing Code
Confirm the name of the student.
Copy the six-digit alphanumeric pairing code. You will need to share this code with the observer who will link to the student's account. The pairing code will expire after seven days or its first use.
To close the window, click the OK button.
Note: Pairing codes are case sensitive.
Export Pairing Codes
You can also export a list of new pairing codes for all students in your course. Click the Options icon, then select the Export Pairing Codes link. Canvas exports a CSV file with one pairing code for each student in your course.
View Pairing Codes
Locate and open the pairing codes CSV file on your computer. The CSV file displays the first and last name of each student, the student's SIS ID, the student's pairing code, and the date and time at which the pairing code will expire.How do I subscribe to a discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Subscribe on Discussions Index Page
You can subscribe to an entire discussion from the Discussions index page. Locate to the discussion you want to subscribe to and click the Subscribe icon. 
Note: The Subscribe icon will turn green when you are subscribed. 
Unsubscribe on Discussions Index Page
To unsubscribe from a discussion, locate to the discussion you want to unsubscribe from and click the Subscribe icon. 
Note: The Subscribe icon will appear as an outline when you are unsubscribed. 
Subscribe within Discussion
You can also subscribe within a discussion. Click the name of the discussion you want to subscribe to.
Subscribe to Discussion
Click the Subscribe button. 
Note: The Subscribe button will become green when you are subscribed to the discussion topic.
Unsubscribe from Discussion
To unsubscribe from a discussion, click the green Subscribed button. 
Note: The Subscribed button will become a gray Subscribe button when you are unsubscribed from a discussion topic.How do I edit a conference in a student group as a student
Open Conferences
In Group Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
Edit Conference
Click the settings icon and select the Edit link.
Edit Conference Details
Edit the fields you'd like to change.
Update Conference
Click the Update button.
View Conference
View the updated Conference.How do I move or copy a question from one item bank to another in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Open Item Bank
Click the name of an item bank.
Move or Copy Question
Locate the question you want to move or copy. Then click the Copy icon.
Move to Existing Bank
To move or copy the question to an existing bank, select the Existing item bank option. Then select the item bank in the Select the destination bank drop-down menu.
By default, a copy of the question will be kept in the original item bank. To remove the question from the original item bank, uncheck the Keep a copy in this bank checkbox. Click the Add button.
Create New Bank
To create a new item bank, select the New item bank option. Then enter the name of the bank in the New Bank Title field.
By default, a copy of the question will be kept in the original item bank. To remove the question from the original item bank, uncheck the Keep a copy in this bank checkbox. Click the Add button.
Note: When a question is moved to another item bank, the question will retain its tags. When a question is copied to another bank, the tags from the original question are not copied to the new question.How do I create a Matching quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Matching question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Enter Matching Question Details
To build a Matching question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
The first part of the matching pair
The second part of the matching pair (displays a maximum of 100 characters)
Repeat steps 2 and 3 until all matches are paired.
Add Additional Match Answers and Possibilities 
If you want to add another answer, click the Add Another Answer link.
To add incorrect answers as distractors, enter each item on its own line in the Additional Match Possibilities field. When answering these questions, students will see a randomized list that includes these distractors and all correct answers entered in the Matching right side fields.
Enter Feedback Text
To leave general answer feedback per answer, click the general comments field. 
You can choose to create a correct answer comment, wrong answer comment and general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students. 
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Matching Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Matching question in a quiz.
Student View for Matching Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, correct responses are marked with a green flag. Incorrect responses will be marked with a red flag and any correct answers not indicated by the student are marked with a gray flag. Partial credit will be assigned if some of the blanks are completed correctly. How do I get help with Canvas as an admin
Open Help
In Global Navigation, click the Help link.
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help link name and icon may vary.
View Default Links
There are eight default links for help or feedback:
Search the Canvas Guides: Search the Canvas Guides for information about features inside of Canvas
COVID-19 Canvas Resources: Users can view resources for teaching and learning online
Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms: Users can view and search guides and resources for using Conferences in remote classrooms and online learning
Report a Problem: Submit problems with Canvas to our support team
Training Services Portal: Access Canvas training videos and courses
Ask the Community (Non-Students Only): Exchange ideas and solutions regarding Canvas functionality with Canvas experts and your Canvas peers
Submit a Feature Idea: Submit ideas about how to make Canvas better
Show Welcome Tour: Learn more about Canvas by viewing the Welcome Tour
View Custom Links
Your institution may reorder or remove the default links. 
Your institution may remove or modify which link displays as the featured link and which link displays the New label. 
Lastly, your institution can include custom links in the Help menu. Custom links may include pages to phone numbers, support information, and other resources.
Search Canvas Guides
The Search the Canvas Guides link helps users search Canvas documentation for information about features in Canvas. 
COVID-19 Canvas Resources
The COVID-19 Canvas Resources link allows users to view instructions about creating course content in Canvas. 
View Web Conferencing Resources
The Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms link allows users to access guides and resources for using web conferencing in remote classrooms and online courses. This link may not appear in your Canvas Help menu.
Report a Problem
The Report a Problem link helps users report problems in Canvas.
You may find a faster response to your question by searching the Canvas Guides. But if you can't find an answer, you can submit a ticket and get support help.
Submit Ticket
In the subject field, create a subject for your ticket.
In the description field, describe the problem you are experiencing in Canvas. Please be as detailed as possible to help troubleshoot the problem. 
The following information helps the Canvas support team more quickly resolve your question(s):
A link to the user or name and email of the user.
A link to the location where the error is occurring.
A summary of what is occurring.
A screencast or screenshot of what is occurring.
The steps you have taken for the Canvas support team to replicate what you are experiencing.
What resolutions you have already tried (i.e. cleared cache and cookies).
If you submit tickets frequently, you may prefer to use a screencasting program to create an online link to an image or create a video walkthrough. However, if you're not comfortable using online links, you can submit attachments later if necessary; once you submit the ticket, you'll receive an email from the support team. You can reply to the email with any attachment as needed.
Additional information to help the Canvas support team:
If any files are involved, please provide a copy of the file.
If it is an SIS issue, please provide the Grade Passback being used.
If it is a custom tool issue, please provide the name of the tool.
If there are any previous cases that may pertain to your question, please provide those case numbers.
In the drop-down menu, select the statement that best describes how the problem is affecting you: 
Just a casual question, comment, idea, suggestion
I need some help but it's not urgent
Something's broken but I can work around it for now
I can't get things done until I hear back from you
EXTREMELY CRITICAL EMERGENCY
When you're done, click the Submit Ticket button.
Depending on your institution's support schedule, you'll receive a reply as soon as possible. 
Open Training Services Portal
The Training Services Portal link allows users to access the Training Services Portal, which contains self-paced training resources on a variety of Canvas topics.
Ask the Community
The Ask the Community link allows users with an admin-, instructor-, TA-, or designer-based role to collaborate with other members of the Canvas community for answers to Canvas questions. This link directs to the Find Answers space in the Canvas Community.
Request a Feature
The Submit a Feature Idea link allows users to submit feature ideas to Canvas. This link directs to the Feature Ideas space in the Canvas Community.
Show Welcome Tour
The Show Welcome Tour link shows you how to add people and courses to Canvas, share course content and templates with teachers, set up video conferencing and other tools, and access training and other helpful resources. 
View Release Notes
If enabled by your institution, you can view release note links from the Help Menu. Release notes describe new and updated features added to the Canvas interface. The Help Menu displays the last ten release notes posted for the admin role. You may also see notes for instructor and observer roles, if you have been assigned one of those roles in a course.
To view a release note document, click the link for the release. The document contains a user summary of release information relevant to a specific user role. The Help Menu also includes a short description and the date the release notes were published.
The Help Menu displays a numbered badge for any release notes that have not been viewed. To hide the numbered badge, click the Show badges for new release notes button.
Notes: 
To enable release note links in the Help Menu, enable the Embedded Release Notes feature preview in Account Settings.
Feature previews are not mentioned in release notes until the feature will become a default feature for all users.How do I unconclude a course in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Course Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
Open Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Unconclude Course
Click the Unconclude Course button.
View Confirmation
Verify that the course has been unconcluded. How do I sign up for a Scheduler appointment in the Calendar as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Find Appointment
In the Calendar sidebar, click the Find Appointment button.
Notes: 
The Scheduler tool is an optional feature that must be enabled by your institution. If you do not see the Find Appointment button, your institution has not enabled this feature.
When an instructor or TA creates an appointment group for an entire course, all course section users can view the appointment group. However, if an appointment group is made for a specific section or is added by a section-restricted instructor or TA, only users in that section can view the appointment group.
Select Course
If a course includes an appointment, the name of the course displays in the Course drop-down menu. Select the course where you want to look for an appointment, then click the Submit button.
View Appointments
View the appointments available for the course. Faded time slots indicate the time slot has been reserved.
Reserve Appointment
In the calendar, click the time slot you want to reserve. In the appointment window, you can view the appointment time, calendar, and details. If you want to leave any comments for your instructor, you can enter them in the Comments field.
To sign up for the time slot, click the Reserve link.
View Updated Appointments
Once you have reserved a time slot, the time slot fades in the calendar.
If you want to choose another time slot instead, click the new time slot and repeat the reservation process.
Confirm New Appointment
If you choose another time slot, the Calendar will confirm you already have a reserved appointment. If you want to reschedule with the new appointment time, click the Reschedule button. However, if you want to keep your original appointment, click the Do Nothing button.
Close Appointments
When you are finished with course reservations, click the Close button.
View Calendar
View the appointment added to your course calendar.
Change Appointment
To change your appointment, click the appointment on your course calendar.
Unreserve Appointment
To completely cancel your appointment, click the appointment time and click the Un-reserve link. 
Delete Reservation
Click the Delete button.How do I upload a document in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Document Upload Tool
To upload a document from the toolbar, click the Document icon. Then select the Upload Document option.
To view the Document icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Open Document Upload Tool from Menubar
You can also upload a document using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload a document using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Document option, and select the Upload Document option.
Upload Document by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed a document by dragging and dropping the file saved to your computer.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple documents by dragging and dropping the files saved to your computer.
Upload Document by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed a document by copying and pasting a file saved to your computer. To copy a file to your clipboard, open the file location. Right-click the file and select Copy or click the file and use the keyboard shortcut CTRL+C on a PC or Command+C on a Mac. You can paste the file by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Upload Document from Computer
Click or drag and drop a media file to the media uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Select File
Select the document file and click the Open button.
View Selected File
The uploader displays the document file name. To remove the file, click the Delete icon. 
Manage Usage Rights
If required by your institution, you will need to select usage right settings for your document.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of the five usage right options:
I hold the copyright: original content created by you
I have obtained permission to use the file: authorized permission by the author
The material is in the public domain: explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws: excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education
The material is licensed under Creative Commons: this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Note: If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to your document, please consult your institutional admin for guidance.
Embed Document
To embed your selected document, click the Submit button.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Document Link
View a link to your uploaded file in the Rich Content Editor.
To manage options for the link, click the link title and click the Link Options link. 
View Link Options
You can edit the link text in the Textfield or link URL in the Linkfield.
To disable users from seeing a file preview, select Disable Preview option.
You can choose to display a file preview in a pop-up window or in-line preview when the link is clicked. You can also choose to expand an in-line preview by default. 
To allow users to view a file preview in a pop-up window when the link is clicked, select the Preview in overlay option.
To allow users to view an in-line preview when the link is clicked, click the Preview inline option. To expand the in-line preview by default, click the Expand preview by Default checkbox. 
To save link options, click the Done button.
Notes:
Inline preview is not supported in the Canvas beta environment.
Inline previews do not display in Edit mode.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor. 
To preview the file, click the file link.
To download the linked document, click the Download icon.How do I create a course outcome group in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Add Outcome Group
You can create a standalone outcome group in your course or create a group nested within another group.
To create a new outcome group, click the Create New Group link.
To create an outcome group within another outcome group, click the Expand icon for the group and click the Create New Group link within the group.
Enter Group Name
Enter the group name in the Name field.
To cancel, click the Cancel button. To save the outcome group, click the Confirm button.
View Outcome Group
To view the new outcome group, click the name of the group in the Outcome Groups list.
To view the Settings menu for the group, click the Settings icon.
To edit the outcome group, click the Edit link. 
To move the outcome group, click the Move link.
To add outcomes, click the Add Outcomes link.
To import outcomes, click the Import Outcomes link.
To remove the outcome group from the course, click the Remove link.
To view the outcome group description, click the View Description link.How do I insert stimulus content in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Stimulus Question
Click the Add Stimulus button.
Add Stimulus
To create a stimulus title, add a title to the Title field. To add instructions for the stimulus, add instructions to the Instructions field.
Note: The title of the stimulus question is visible to students taking the quiz.
Add Stimulus Content
To add content for the stimulus, type or paste content into the Rich Content Editor. To format text or add media, links, or tables, use the Rich Content Editor icons.
Select Stimulus Options
In the stimulus options, you can select where the questions are located and a source URL.
To select where attached questions are placed in regards to the stimulus, click the Orientation drop-down menu. You can place attached questions to the right of the stimulus or below the stimulus.
To add a source URL, enter the URL in the Source URL field.
Add to Item Bank
To add the stimulus to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Attach Question
To attach a question to the stimulus, click the Attach Question button. Then click the question type you want to attach. You can also select content from an item bank.
All question types can be associated with stimulus content.
Note: If a question is not attached to the stimulus, the stimulus will not appear in students' quizzes.
View Stimulus
The stimulus and question will appear side by side in the quiz.
To attach another question to the stimulus, click the Attach Question button.
Note: Each question attached to a stimulus will each appear next to the stimulus when the quiz is set to display one question at a time.What is Chat
View Course Chat
Chat is a course tool that is available to all students in the course. Chats cannot be limited to specific students. 
Instructors can use the chat tool to allow students to contact them when online, create virtual office hours, conduct group discussions or study sessions. 
All users in the course can also access the chat history. 
Note: Students cannot delete chat comments.What is the difference between assignment due dates and availability dates
View Due Date
The due date is the date and time when the assignment is due. Student assignments submitted after the due date will be marked as late in the Gradebook. Due Dates are not required in Canvas, but they are helpful in managing course workflow and deadlines.
You can also set a specific time as part of the due date. When you change a due time on an assignment, the seconds value defaults to 0 unless the minutes value is set to 59, in which case, the seconds are also set to 59. For example, if you set a due date of September 19 at 4:15 pm, any student submission made at or after September 19 at 4:15:01 is marked late.
If a date does not include a time, the listed date defaults to the course’s default due time.
View Availability Dates
If you want to create a date range for students to view and submit an assignment, you can set availability dates. Availability dates can also be called lock dates.
Available From:the date and time when the Assignments will become available to students. If a due date does not include a time, the listed date defaults to the course's default due time. Students cannot view assignment content until after the Available from date has passed.
Until:the date and time when students can no longer submit the assignment. If no time is set, this time defaults to 11:59 pm for the course time zone and the assignment will close at 12:00:00 am of the following day.
When the assignment is published, blank availability date fields allow the assignment to be submitted at any time throughout the entire course. 
View Assignment Details
After you save the assignment, you can view the details for the assignment. If there is an assignment due date, the date displays under the Due heading. If there are availability dates, they display under the Available from and Until headings.
You can also view details for all assignments on the Assignments Index Page.
View Correct Answers in Quizzes
In Quizzes, the Until date does not restrict student access to view the result of their quiz. For instance, you may not want students to view the results of their quiz after the Until date. To make this change, you need to edit the quiz options and restrict the quiz results.
Working with Due and Availability Dates
Due Dates and Availability Dates can be used together, depending on how you want to manage the assignment. Here are some common scenarios you can create with dates. All examples include a Due Date, though they are not required for assignments. 
Create Open Assignment
If you want to keep an assignment open throughout the entire course, do not set any availability dates. When no availability dates are set, the assignment can be submitted by all users until the course ends.
For example, if you want students to be able to view and submit the assignment at any time but reward those who submit by a due date of September 19 at 11:59 pm, only set the Due Date.
Canvas views and scores the assignment as follows:
Canvas opens the assignment to all student submissions on the first day of the course (according to term date and course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is marked on time if submitted by September 19 at 11:59 pm (according to course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is marked late if submitted on or after September 20 at 12:00:00 am (according to course time zone)
Canvas closes the assignment to all student submissions on the last day of the course (according to term date and course time zone) 
Note: Due times set to 12am and 24:00 autocorrect to 11:59pm and 23:59.
Limit Submission Available From Date
If you want to keep students from viewing and submitting an assignment until a specific date, set an Available From date. Assignment content is not visible to students until after the Available from date and time passes. However, rubrics are visible to students regardless of availability dates.
For example, if you set an assignment as due on September 19 at 11:59 pm, but you do not want students to submit the assignment until September 9 at 12 am, set the Available From date as September 9 at 12 am. 
Canvas views and scores the assignment as follows:
Canvas opens the assignment to all student submissions on September 9 at 12:00 am (according to course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is on time if submitted by September 19 at 11:59 pm (according to course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is marked late if submitted on or after September 20 at 12:00:00 am (according to course time zone)
Canvas closes the assignment to all student submissions on the last day of the course (according to term date and course time zone) 
Limit Submission Until Date
If you want to allow students to submit an assignment until a specific date, set an Until date. The date you set depends on whether you want to accept late submissions. When the Until date has passed, students can still view or download their submissions and view any submission comments.
No late submissions—Some instructors do not allow any late submissions by setting the Until Date as the Due Date. For example, If you want to allow students to view the assignment at any time with a due date of September 19 at 11:59 pm, but you do not want to accept any late submissions, also set the Until Date as September 19 at 11:59 pm. 
Canvas views and scores the assignment as follows:
Canvas opens the assignment to all student submissions on the first day of the course (according to term date and course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is on time if submitted by September 19 at 11:59 pm (according to course time zone)
Canvas closes the assignment to all student submissions on September 20 at 12:00 am (according to course time zone)
Note: Due times set to 12am and 24:00 autocorrect to 11:59pm and 23:59.
Allow late submissions—Some instructors allow late submissions within a specific period of time after the due date. For example, if you want to allow students to submit a late assignment up to three days after the due date, set the Until Date as September 22 at 11:59 pm. 
Canvas views and scores the assignment as follows:
Canvas opens the assignment to all student submissions on the first day of the course (according to term date and course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is on time if submitted by September 19 at 11:59 pm (according to course time zone)
 In the Gradebook, the assignment is marked late if submitted between September 20 at 12:00:00 am and September 22 at 11:59:59 pm (according to course time zone)
Canvas closes the assignment to all student submissions on September 23 at 12:00:00 am (according to course time zone)
Note: In Quizzes, the autosubmit feature is tied to the Until date, which may affect student submissions. For more details, view the Quiz availability dates lesson.
Limit Submission Date Range
If you want to allow students to submit an assignment only in a specific date range, set both availability dates for the assignment.
For example, if an assignment is due September 19 at 11:59 pm, but you only want students to be able to submit the assignment between September 9 and September 22, and you want to allow late assignments for 3 days, set the Available From date as September 9 at 12 am, and the Until date as September 22 at 11:59 pm.
Canvas views and scores the assignment as follows:
Canvas opens the assignment to all student submissions on September 9 at 12 am (according to course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is on time if submitted by September 19 at 11:59 pm (according to course time zone)
In the Gradebook, the assignment is marked late if submitted between September 20 at 12:00 am and September 22 at 11:59:59 pm (according to course time zone)
Canvas closes the assignment to all student submissions on September 23 at 12:00:00 am (according to course time zone)
Bulk Update Due and Availability Dates
You may be able to update due dates and availability dates for multiple assignments at one time.
If no time is set, the due time defaults to 11:59:59 pm for the course time zone, and the assignment is marked late at 12:00:00 am. For example, if you set a due date of September 19 at 11:59 pm, the assignment is marked late if submitted at or after September 20 at 12:00:00. How do I use Admin Analytics as an admin
In the beta environment only, Admin Analytics and Course Analytics data is pulled from Canvas Data 2 (CD2)/Data Access Platform (DAP). All data will be migrated to CD2/DAP on August 1, 2024. You can migrate your data to CD2/DAP before August 1, 2024 by contacting your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Analytics link.
View Admin Analytics
In Admin Analytics, you can filter data, view data by dashboard, and view an individual dashboard's data.
Notes: 
By default, the Overview Dashboard displays are filtered by the active term.
n the Admin Analytics navigation, the Intelligent Insights menu only displays for users who have opted into Intelligent Insights. 
Apply Filters
You can filter data using the following menus: 
Sub-Accounts
Term 
Course
Teacher
Course Status
Date Granularity
Course Start Date
Course Activity Criteria
Student Activity Criteria
To apply the selected filters, click the Apply Filters button.
To search within a filter menu, enter a search term in the search field. A maximum of 500 search results are returned.
To select all of the results, click the Select All link.
View Dashboards
In Admin Analytics, you can view data via the Overview, Course, and Student Dashboards.
The Overview Dashboard displays account courses by status, student and teacher engagement data, various data over a given time, and average course grades.
The Course Dashboard displays course grade and engagement statistics, feature use data, courses with low average grades, and courses with low student activity.
The Student Dashboard displays student grade and engagement statistics, grade averages, submissions by status, and student details.
Learn more about viewing and managing statistic and chart data.
Refresh Cache and Download Analytics
To refresh your dashboard's cache, click the Options icon, then click the Clear cache and refresh link.
To download a summary of the dashboard you are viewing to your computer, click the Download link.How do I customize visibility options for course content as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Confirm Course Visibility
In the Visibility options, confirm the course visibility is set correctly. Content visibility is defined by the course visibility option.
Note: If the Visibility option cannot be changed, you do not have permission to manage visibility settings. Please contact your Canvas administrator or Canvas Support for assistance.
Customize Content Visibility
Click the Customize checkbox.
Set Content Visibility
Currently the only content available for customization is the Syllabus and Files. The default is set to the same option shown for course visibility. 
In the Syllabus and Files menu, select the visibility option you want to set:
If course visibility is set to Course, content visibility can be set to Course, Institution, or Public.
‪If course visibility is set to Institution, content visibility can be set to Institution or Public.
‪If course visibility is set to Public, the entire course is already public so content visibility can only be set to Public.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.Admin Getting Started Resources
Introduction
What is Canvas?
Canvas is a Learning Management System. With its highly integrated learning products, you can build a digital learning environment to meet the unique challenges faced by your institution. To learn more about Canvas terminology and definitions, visit How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions?
Because Canvas is a web-based system, it doesn’t need to be installed on your computer. However, you’ll want to make sure that your computer and web browser meet the basic requirements to run Canvas.
What is the Admin role?
In Canvas, the Admin role is the administrator role. Users assigned the Admin role oversee and manage an institution's Canvas account or a Canvas sub-account within an institution. Admin permissions allow users to manage terms, create courses, view and moderate enrollments and content for all courses within an account, and view course and account data. Additionally, Admins can direct communication within an account and its courses. Account-level permissions vary for sub-accounts and from institution to institution. For more information about account-level permissions, view the Canvas Account Permissions resource document.
What is a Customer Success team?
Most Canvas accounts are assigned to a Customer Success team. Your Customer Success team will work with you to establish your account. Review with them your institution’s teaching and learning goals as well as your institution’s existing structures.
Once your account is established and users at your institution are using Canvas, your Customer Success Manager (CSM) will be your primary point of contact when you have questions, concerns, or comments about Canvas functionality for your institution.
Canvas for Elementary
Canvas for Elementary is a Canvas setting that displays a simplified interface and experience designed for young learners. You need to enable Canvas for Elementary for your account to allow users to use it. For more information, visit the Canvas for Elementary Feature Comparison resource document.
Canvas Guides
The Canvas Admin Guide answers a question that relates to using the Canvas interface as an admin. Each article also includes Next and Previous links so you can easily navigate to related content. You can also watch videos for admins.
Account Structure Resources
Each institution has an organizational structure that supports its specific teaching and learning needs and goals. For example, your institution may be divided into specific schools; each school may be assigned specific grade levels or disciplines; each grade level or discipline may then be divided by department or group.
Before configuring your institution’s Canvas account, take the time to answer the following questions about your institution and administrators. Your answers will play an essential role in organizing your Canvas account.
What is the current organizational structure at my institution?
How does my institution’s organizational structure support our identified teaching and learning needs and goals?
Do I want to organize my institution’s Canvas account using my institution’s current organizational structure? If not, how do I want to organize my institution’s Canvas account?
What administrative roles and responsibilities currently exist at my institution?
Which of these roles need administrative access to Canvas?
To fulfill their roles in Canvas, what access would (and wouldn’t) these individuals need?
Your Canvas account starts with one root account. To establish your account’s structure or hierarchy, you will create sub-accounts.
Most institutions organize sub-account structures to mirror their Student Information System (SIS) or registration system. For example, sub-accounts can be created for individual colleges within a university or schools within a district. Sub-accounts can also be created within sub-accounts, such as when a college subdivides into departments that subdivide into programs, or a school that subdivides into grade levels that subdivide into specific subjects.
What is the hierarchical structure for Canvas accounts?
How do I view and manage a sub-account?
How do I manage themes for an account?
Note: Sub-accounts can be bulk-added using the SIS Import Tool.
Canvas Account Functionality & Integrations
After answering questions about the organization and administration of your institution’s Canvas account, consider how Canvas will support teaching and learning at your institution.
What are your institution’s specific teaching needs and goals?
What role will Canvas play in achieving your institutional vision for teaching and learning?
Canvas includes a variety of standard account integrations. In addition to these integrations, your Customer Success team can configure a variety of other integrations for your account. Learn about available Canvas account integrations. Contact your Customer Success team to enable any of these integrations in your account.
Basic Account Settings
As an admin, the settings you select for your Canvas account will affect how Canvas functions for your users. These settings will also trickle down to the sub-accounts you create in your account.
Some settings, like language and time zone selection, can be modified by individual users and per course, but you’ll establish the defaults.
How do I use account settings?
How do I set details for an account?
Admin User Roles
Whenever you add a user to Canvas, you must specify their user role. User roles identify what a user can do within Canvas. A role must exist in an account before any user may be added to the role.
By default, Canvas includes one account-level administrative user role. This role comes with unrestricted access to Canvas. However, not every administrative user needs an all-access pass to Canvas. Before adding administrators to your Canvas account, create additional account-level user roles and preselect their Canvas permissions.
View more information about account-level permissions.
What user roles and permissions are available in Canvas?
How do I add an account-level role in the Permissions page?
How do I set permissions for an account-level role?
Account Admins
How do I add an admin to an account?
SIS Import Tool Overview
The SIS Import Tool allows you to bulk-create a variety of account items using formatted comma-separated value (CSV) files.
Notes:
The SIS Import Tool is a feature that your CSM must enable for your account.
All CSV file uploads should be tested in your institution’s test environment before attempting to upload them to your production environment. You can learn more about the Canvas test environment.
This section outlines a manual process of using the SIS Import Tool. To learn more about using the Canvas API to automatically integrate with your SIS, talk with your CSM and visit the Canvas Guides, review Canvas API documentation, and visit the Canvas Developers Group in the Canvas Community.
Using the SIS Import Tool allows account admins to upload data to their Canvas account quickly. Bulk uploads may be done at any time and in no particular order. Additionally, there are some risks associated with using this tool. For more details about these risks, please view the SIS Imports article.
What student information system (SIS) integrations are available in Canvas?
How do I import SIS data to a Canvas account?
How do I format CSV text files for uploading SIS data into a Canvas account?
How do I create an automated data integration for an account with Canvas and my SIS?
How do I practice using the API to import SIS data to a Canvas account?
What do I need to know about creating a script to automatically import SIS data to a Canvas account?
Learn more about SIS Resources.
Terms Overview
Terms define start and end dates that apply to any course added to that term. For that reason, term dates should be set before adding courses to your account. Terms can be created manually or by using SIS imports.
Additionally, terms are used to filter data in account analytics and account reports.
How do I use the Terms page in an account?
How do I add a new term in an account?
What should I do at the beginning and end of each term as an admin?
What should I encourage instructors to do at the beginning and end of each term?
Notes:
Canvas includes a default term that cannot be removed or renamed.
Use caution when editing the Term Runs from and User can access dates fields as those fields cannot be left empty when they are edited.
Instructors and students cannot view the Terms page, so please ensure users in your institution are aware of term dates for your institution publicly.
Not all courses within a term conform to the term dates. Learn more about course dates and section dates. 
Grading Periods Overview
Grading periods specify date ranges used for student grade reporting. Student grades are calculated using course assignment scores with due dates that fall within the grading period’s start and end date range. Grading period close dates prevent grade modification after a specified date.
Grading periods are created within grading period sets. When creating a grading period set, you can associate it with terms, and any courses within that term automatically inherit the grading periods.
How do I view grading periods in an account?
How do I add grading periods in an account?
Grading Schemes Overview
A grading scheme is a set of criteria used to measure student achievement in a course. Without a grading scheme, student scores are not measured against a specific standard.
What are grading schemes?
How do I view and manage grading schemes in an account?
How do I add a grading scheme in an account?
How do I duplicate a grading scheme in an account?
How do I edit a grading scheme in an account?
How do I archive a grading scheme in an account?
Outcomes Overview
Outcomes are statements that describe the knowledge and skills that learners will develop during a course or program. As an admin, you can create outcomes at the account level that instructors may use to measure student progress in a course in your account.
How do I use the outcomes page in an account?
How do I create an outcome for an account?
How do I create outcome groups for an account?
How do I import outcomes for an account?
How do I use the outcomes page in an account in Improved Outcomes Management?
How do I create an outcome for an account in Improved Outcomes Management?
How do I create outcome groups for an account in Improved Outcomes Management?
Rubrics Overview
A rubric is an assessment tool for communicating expectations and measuring student mastery of a course assignment or assessment. Rubrics are typically comprised of rows and columns. Assessed criteria are defined in rows. Columns are used to define levels of performance for each criterion.
How do I manage rubrics in an account?
How do I add a rubric in an account?
How do I align an outcome with a rubric in an account?
How do I customize learning mastery ratings for an account?
Question Bank Overview
Question banks are quiz question repositories. When creating a quiz, users can access question bank questions, making it easier to offer the same quiz questions to students in different courses.
How do I manage question banks in an account?
How do I create a question bank in an account?
Custom Branding Overview
The Canvas Theme Editor allows you to customize the display colors for text, buttons, and links using hex codes. You can also upload custom images and watermarks to display in your Canvas instance.
By default, the Theme Editor is only enabled in an institution’s root account and all sub-accounts adopt the root account theme. However, the tool can be enabled in sub-accounts, allowing for sub-account theme customization. Any design element not changed in a sub-account theme inherits the account-level design.
Additionally, the Theme Editor supports custom cascading style sheets (CSS) and JavaScript (JS) uploads. Your CSM can enable this option in your account. Before using this option in your account, learn about CSS/JS restrictions in Canvas.
How do I manage themes for an account?
How do I create a theme for an account using the Theme Editor?
How do I upload custom JavaScript and CSS files to an account?
External Apps (LTI) Overview
Canvas supports the Learning Tool Interoperability (LTI) standard for third-party tools. This means you can integrate a variety of existing teaching tools to work within Canvas via the EduApp Center. You can enable these tools in your account and they will be available for use in courses in your account.
How do I use the Canvas App Center in an account?
How do I manage an Edu App Center allow list in Canvas?
How do I configure an LTI key for an account?
How do I configure an external app for an account using a URL?
Course-Level User Roles and Permissions Overview
After adding admins to your account and establishing your account basics, you are ready to create course-level user roles. A user role defines what a user can do and establishes their permissions within Canvas. When you add a user to Canvas, you must specify their user role. Therefore, user roles with defined permissions must exist in an account before a user can be added.
By default, Canvas includes five course-level user roles: student, teacher, TA, designer, and observer. Each role has preset permissions that determine its level of access to courses and course materials in Canvas. For example, students and parent observers typically do not create quizzes in a course, but teachers, TAs, and course designers likely do. Therefore, some user roles have restricted access to course permissions based on their typical role and responsibilities at an institution. Your institution may also require the need for other course-level users with varying access. You can create additional course-level user roles and preselect their Canvas permissions.
View more information about course-level permissions. 
Courses Overview
The most efficient way to add users to your account is to enroll them directly in a course. You can add courses to your account using the SIS Import tool or create courses manually.
How do I use the Courses page in an account?
How do I add a course in an account as an admin?
Course Enrollments
All courses in your account are displayed on the Courses page. You can enroll (or add) new and existing users in a course. Canvas can identify new user information when you create course enrollments, and new users will automatically be added to your account when they are enrolled in a course.
What user enrollment and registration options are available in Canvas?
How do I use the People page in an account?
How do I create and add users to an account?
How do I edit a user's name, time zone, or email in an account?
How do I manage a user's login information in an account?
How do I act as another user in an account?
How do I view the enrollments for a user in an account?
How do I enable open registration in an account and allow instructors to add users to a course witho...
How do I enable self-enrollment in an account and allow students to self-enroll in a course?
Canvas Feature Options
Canvas is continually creating new features to improve your experience. The majority of improvements are made available as part of the regular release cycle. However, some features may change the workflow for common activities in Canvas during your current term. You can learn about these features at your own pace and manage Canvas features from your Account Settings. Feature options allow you to choose if and when you want to enable a new feature for your institution. Most institutions pilot the feature within their institution and then enable it for the entire institution between terms.
Additional Resources
Best Practices for Large Courses in Canvas
Canvas Default Account Reports
Canvas Admin Discussion
Canvas Admin BlogHow do I edit or delete student discussion replies in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of a discussion.
Edit Discussion Reply
Locate the student reply you want to edit and click the Options menu. Then select the Edit option.
Save Edits
Edit the discussion reply in the Rich Content Editor. To post your edits, click the Done button.
Verify Edit
Canvas will post a note after the entry that indicates the post has been edited. The text will include your name, and the date and time the post was edited. This entry cannot be removed.
Delete Reply
To delete a student reply, click the reply Options icon, then select the Delete option.
Confirm Delete
To delete the entry, click the OK button.
Show Deleted Replies
To view details for all deleted replies in the discussion, click the Show button.
View Deleted Discussion Replies
Deleted discussion replies display the name of the user who deleted the reply as well as the date and time the reply was deleted.
If a discussion reply with a threaded response is deleted, the Deleted notification always displays and is not hidden from view. How do I use the Syllabus as a student
Open Syllabus
In Course Navigation, click the Syllabus link.
View Syllabus
The syllabus includes the syllabus description, the syllabus table, and the sidebar.
View Syllabus Description
The syllabus description may contain the course description, a brief introduction, class guidelines, weekly reminders, and other important information from your instructor.
View Course Summary
The Course Summary is automatically generated for the course and contains a list of assignments and calendar events. Assignments are indicated by the Assignments icon, and events are indicated by the Calendar icon. Non-graded items with a to-do date show the to-do date in the syllabus.
Click the title to view the details of the assignment or event. Any assignments or events that are past the due date are highlighted in gray. Undated items are listed in alphabetical order. 
View Time Zones
If you have set a specific time zone in your User Settings, all course dates and times will display in your local time, but if you hover over the time, you can also see the course date and time.
View Sidebar
The sidebar section displays information about course events and grading. If your Syllabus is also set as your course home page, the sidebar may also include additional features.
The Syllabus sidebar includes a mini calendar. Any date that includes an event or assignment due date are shown with a gray background. To view an associated assignment or event in the Syllabus table, click the calendar date.
If your course includes weighted assignment groups, the sidebar may also shows the percentages of each group. 
Note: If you cannot view assignment group totals, your instructor has restricted this feature.How do I forward a message from a conversation as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Message
Click the Options icon and then click the Forward option.
Note: You can only forward one message at a time.
View Compose Window
In the compose message window, you can:
Add recipients
Type a message
Attach files or media
Click the Send button
Note: You cannot change the course or the subject line if you are forwarding a message.How do I add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus, the Rich Content Editor opens by default.
You can add and format content using the menubar or toolbar.
Open Keyboard Shortcuts
The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Word Count
You can view the total word count. To view the total word count, characters, and characters excluding spaces, click the Word Count link.
Resize Editor Window
You can also resize the editor window or open the editor in fullscreen view. 
Enter Text
Type or paste copied text into the Rich Content Editor. 
Remove Text Formatting
To remove text formatting, select the text, then click the Clear Formatting icon.
Note: To view the Clear Formatting icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Change Font Size
Select the text you wish to modify. Then click the Font Sizes drop-down menu, and select the font size you want to use. You can choose from 8, 10, 12, 14, 18, 24, or 36pt sized fonts.
Change Text Style
Select the text you wish to modify. Then click the Paragraph drop-down menu, and select the text style you want to use. Choose from Heading 2, Heading 3, Heading 4, Preformatted, and Paragraph styles.
Note: By default, the primary heading for the announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus is the same as the title or name you enter when creating the course item. 
Single Space Text
To create single spacing in the Rich Content Editor, press Shift+Enter (on a PC keyboard) or Shift+Return (on a Mac keyboard). This creates a line break instead of a paragraph break.
Format Text Emphasis
Select the text you wish to format. 
To bold the selected text, click the Bold icon, or press Cmd+B (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+B (PC keyboard). 
To italicize the selected text, click the Italic icon, or press Cmd+I (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+I (PC keyboard). 
To underline the selected text, click the Underline icon, or press Cmd+U (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+U (PC keyboard). 
When selected text is formatted, an arrow displays above the selected option. 
Color and Highlight Text
Select the text you wish to color. 
To change the color of the text, click the Text Color icon. 
To highlight the text, click the Background Color icon  
Select a color from the color drop-down menu. You can view the color name by hovering your mouse over the color tile. 
To remove color formatting, click the Remove Color icon.
To select a custom color for the text, click the Custom Color icon. 
Select Custom Color
Use the color picker palette to select a color tone and hue. You can also enter RGB color codes or enter a HEX color code. View your custom color in the color display window. 
To apply the color to your text, click the Save button. 
Superscript and Subscript Text
You can format your text to appear as superscript or subscript. Select the text you wish to modify. 
To format your text as superscript, click the Superscript icon and select the Superscript option.
To format your text as subscript, click the Superscript icon and select the Subscript option. 
Align Text
To align text, place the cursor in front of the text you wish to align, then click the Alignment icon. From the drop-down menu you can select to align the text to the Left, Center, and Right.
Note: To view the Alignment icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Increase or Decrease Indent Text
To indent text, click the Indent icon. 
If your text is indented, you can decrease your idented text. To decrease your indented text, click the Increase Indent icon and click the Decrease Ident option. 
You can click the Increase Indent and Decrease Ident options multiple times to increase or decrease the text indentation.
Note: To view the Indent icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Align Directional Text
To align the direction of your text, click the Format link in the menubar, then select the Directionality option. You can align your text from Left to Right and from Right to Left.
Create Bulleted or Numbered List
Select the text you wish to include in your list, then click the List icon. You can select a bulleted list style, or a numeric or alphabetic list style.
Note: To view the List icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Bulleted List
View the bulleted list.
View Numbered List
View the numbered list.
Find and Replace Content
In the Tools menu, click the Find and Replace option. You can also press Command+F (on a Mac keyboard) or Control+F (on a PC keyboard).
In the Find and Replace modal, enter the content to replace in the Find field. In the Replace with field, enter the desired replacement content. 
To replace all content at once, click the Replace All button.
To replace individual content, click the Replace button. 
If there is multiple content to replace, you can scroll through each individual item by clicking the Previous button and Next button.
View Auto-Saved Content
If you reload or navigate away from a page while editing content in the Rich Content Editor, Canvas automatically saves your content in the browser cache for up to one day. When you reload the page or navigate back to the page you were editing, Canvas displays a message indicating that auto-saved content exists. You can preview the content, discard the content, or load the content into the Rich Content Editor.
Notes:
Auto-saved content is not a guaranteed feature and may not save content in certain situations.
The amount of local storage available may vary depending on which browser you use.
Auto-saved content is only available on pages that only include one Rich Content Editor window.
Auto-saved content is only available in the same browser and computer you were using when you created the original content.
Preview Auto-Saved Content
To preview content auto-saved by Canvas, click the Preview button.
Load Auto-Saved Content
To load the auto-saved content into the Rich Content Editor, click the Yes button. To discard the auto-saved changes, click the No button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I use posting policies in a course as an instructor
View Posting Policies Flowchart
This flowchart outlines how posting policies work for instructors in their courses. You should select a course posting policy based on your general grade posting preference. You can then set posting policies for individual assignments as needed.
You can also hide previously posted grades, especially if you need to fix errors or if grades were posted erroneously. 
When students have set grade notification settings, they will receive notifications when grades are posted, as indicated in the flowchart. 
You can also view this flowchart as an interactive PDF.
Set a Course Posting Policy
By default, Canvas courses have an Automatic posting policy. Assignment grades, grading comments and submission annotations are visible to students as soon as grades are entered in the Gradebook or submitted in SpeedGrader.
Alternatively, you can select a Manual posting policy for your course. Assignment grades, grading comments and submission annotations are hidden from students until manually posted. Submission Annotations alone will not trigger the option to post grades; a grade or grading comment would need to be entered. Students can see peer review comments when assignment grades are hidden. However, students can only see instructor comments if the instructor posts grades or submission comments.
Learn how to select a course posting policy. 
Set an Assignment Posting Policy
You can also select grade posting policies for individual assignments. When you set an individual assignment posting policy, the course posting policy is overridden for that assignment. 
For example, if you use an Automatic course posting policy, you may wish to hide assignment grades for a specific assignment until all submissions are graded. You can set a Manual posting policy for the assignment, and grades will remain hidden from student view until you manually post them in your course.
Learn how to select an assignment posting policy.
Post Hidden Grades
When you are ready to make grades visible to students, you can post grades and/or submission comments for a specific assignment. You can post grades for everyone in the course, or you can post only grades for graded submissions.
When you post grades for everyone, ungraded submissions display no grade. 
When you post grades for graded submissions and/or submission comments, any ungraded assignment grades that are updated later will remain hidden until manually posted. 
If you make updates to posted grades, students can view these updates and, depending on their notification settings, may receive a grade-change notification. 
Learn about posting grades for an assignment. Learn about posting grades for an assignment from SpeedGrader.
Hide Posted Grades
If you need to hide grades that have already posted for students to view, you can Hide Grades in the gradebook. Hiding grades only affects grades that were previously entered. 
Learn about hiding assignment grades. Learn about hiding grades for an assignment from SpeedGrader.
Notes: 
When you hide grades, the assignment retains its posting policy. If you add assignment grades for additional students to an assignment with an automatic posting policy, those grades display for students.
After hiding grades, if you want to hide additional student grades for the assignment, set the assignment posting policy to Manual. 
View Gradebook Posting Policy Icons
Assignments with a manual posting policy display a Manual label. When you enter grades for manual posting policy assignments, the gradebook displays a Visibility icon. Students cannot see their assignment grade until you post them. Additionally, when an assignment grade is hidden for a student, the Total column displays a Visibility icon.
Student View
When assignment grades are hidden, the student grades page displays a Visibility icon. Posted grades display in place of the icon.How do I import content from Bb Vista or CE, WebCT 6+ into Canvas as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Blackboard Vista/CE, WebCT 6+ Course option.
Select Institution
In the School drop-down menu, select the institution you will be migrating content from.
Enter Login Credentials 
Enter your institution login credentials in the User Login text field and your password in the password text field. This information will not be saved and will only be used to open the contents of your Blackboard course. Select the Get Courses button.
Select Course
Canvas will list all the courses you are enrolled in. You will need to select the course you wish to move content from by clicking the radio button next to the course title.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, select the All Content radio button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content radio button.
Note: If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import after you review the remaining page options. After you start importing the content, the import selection cannot be canceled. 
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import. 
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I regrade a quiz question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open SpeedGrader
Find the quiz you want to regrade. Then hover the cursor over the assignment column header and click the Options icon. Click the SpeedGrader link.
Click Regrade Button
In any student submission, find the question you want to regrade. Then click the Regrade button.
Change Correct Answer
To change the correct answer for a question, select the correct answer for the question.
Note: This step shows how to regrade a Multiple Choice question. The steps to change a correct answer vary based on the question type.
Change Point Value
If the question varies points by answer, you can change the point total in the Points field for each question.
If the question has an overall point value, you can change the question point value in the Points field.
Click Regrade Button
Click the Regrade button.
Select Regrade Option
Select how to apply the regrade from the following options:
award points for correct answer(s) only
award points for both current and previous correct answers
award points for any submitted answers
give everyone full credit
To save your choice and regrade the question for all current submissions, click the Regrade button.
Note: Awarding full points for correct answers only may reduce some students' scores.
View Question Regrade
All current student submissions are regraded. You can view the student's original score and the regraded score.
Note: You may need to refresh the page to view the currently selected student's regraded scores.What are question banks
Open Question Banks
Account-level question banks are question banks created and stored at the account level. This allows users to access and use general content for quizzes.
When Would I Use Account-Level Question Banks?
Account-level questions banks can be used to create institutional or departmental question repositories. For example, if the English department offers several courses to teach basic grammar rules to students, the department can create a sub-account level question bank. Instructors can then access the question banks to offer the same evaluation to students in different courses.How do I add a grading scheme in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Grading Scheme
Click the Enable course grading scheme checkbox.
Add New Grading Scheme
Click the Add New Grading Scheme button.
Edit Grading Scheme
Create a title in the Grading Scheme Name field. 
You can choose to have the grading scheme by percentage or points. 
For each line item, edit the name in the Letter Grade field. 
Edit the minimum end of each individual range in the To [Number] % field.
The grading scheme must contain a full range from 100% to 0%.
Add Range
If you need to add ranges, click the Add button. You can remove individual ranges by clicking the Delete button. When you are finished editing your grading scheme, click the Save button. 
Manage Grading Schemes
Canvas displays the current grading scheme enabled by your institution, if any. To manage grading schemes in your course, click the Manage All Grading Schemes link.
Modify Grading Scheme
Your new grading scheme displays alphabetically in the Grading Scheme Name column. 
You can duplicate the grading scheme, edit the grading scheme, archive the grading scheme, and delete a grading scheme by clicking the Delete icon.How do I import questions from a QTI package into an item bank in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Notes: 
You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
You can also access Item Banks from the New Quizzes Build page.
Add Item Bank
Click the Add Bank button.
Name Item Bank
In the Bank Name field, enter the name of the item bank. You can share the new item bank to the current course by clicking the Share checkbox. To save your bank, click the Create Bank button.
Select Item Bank
Click the name of your new item bank.
Import Content
Click the Options icon then select the Import Content option.
Note: If there are questions in your item bank, you will not be able to select the Import Content option.
Import QTI File
To import a QTI file, drag and drop the file or select a file by clicking the Browse button.
To start the import, click the Import button.
View Import Status
A status bar will display the status of the import.
Manage Item Bank Questions
View the imported questions in your item bank. To add a new question to the item bank, click the Add New button.
To edit an item bank question, click the Edit icon. To move or copy a question to another item bank, click the Copy icon. To delete a question, click the Delete icon.
To return to your item bank, click the Return button.
View Question Details
To view more details for a question, click the Open icon. The details will include answer choices and the date and time the question was last updated.
To close question details, click the Close icon.How do I like a reply in a course announcement as an observer
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Like Announcement Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
View Liked Reply
The Like icon displays highlighted, indicating you have liked the reply. 
When a reply is liked, the Like icon also displays the total number of likes for all users.
View Liking Restriction
If your instructor has restricted the liking option to only users with grading permissions, you cannot like your favorite replies. However, you can still view the total number of likes given to each reply.How do I log out of Canvas as an observer
Log Out 
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Logout button.How do I assign a graded discussion to everyone in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link. 
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Enter Discussion Details
Enter a topic title and discussion details. 
Set Graded Discussion
Click the Graded checkbox.
Enter Grading Details
Enter the number of points possible. Select the Grading Type and Assignment Group, and assign Peer Reviews, if any.
Assign to Everyone
By default, Canvas will assign your graded discussion for everyone in your course.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the graded discussion is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created a discussion shell, but you can change it if necessary.
Available From: Set the date and time when the discussion will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the discussion will no longer be available.
Notes: 
If you have set section override dates in your course, you may need to select a course section and set due and availability dates that fall within the section override dates
Beneath the Due Date and Availability Date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for a discussion, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the discussion, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the discussion before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates.
Correct the date and then update the discussion again.
Notes:
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the discussion against the term date set for the course.
If your course is not using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the discussion date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Discussion Due Date
View the due date assigned to the discussion in the classic Discussions interface or the Discussions Redesign interface.
View Discussions Page
On the Discussions Index Page, the discussion shows the dates assigned to the discussion. How do I move or reorder a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Drag and Drop Module
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder modules. Click the drag handle next to the module name. Drop the module in the desired location by releasing the mouse.
Move Module
You can also use the Move To option to reorder modules. Click the Options icon and select the Move Module... link.
Place Module Location
In the Move Module sidebar, click the Place drop-down menu. Select the placement of the module you are moving. You can move the module so it is listed first, before a specific module, after a specific module, or as the last module on the page.
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the second drop-down menu. Select the module that should be before or after the module you are moving, as indicated by the option selected in the previous menu. 
If you want to move the module to another location, change the sidebar placement options as needed.
Move Module
Click the Move button. How do I view the Split Student Names column in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Split Student Names
Click the Settings icon. 
To separate the names, click the View Options tab and click the Split Student Names checkbox. Click the Apply Settings button.
View Split Student Names
View the separated last and first student names. 
Combine Separated Names
Click the Settings icon. 
To combine the separated columns, click the View Options tab and deselect the Split Student Names checkbox. Click the Apply Settings button.How do I send a message to a user in a student group in the Inbox as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
Click the Compose icon.
Select Course
To send a message to a student course group, click the Course drop-down menu.
Open Student Groups
To view student groups in the selected course, click the Address Book icon, then click the Student Groups link. 
Open Group Roster
To view the student group roster, click the name of the student group.
Add Users
Select the name of the student you'd like to message. 
To message all students in the student group, click the All in Student Group link.
Send Message
Enter a subject for your message in the Subject field.
If you are sending your message to multiple users, but do not want users to see who else was included in the message, click the Send an individual message to each recipient checkbox. If your message includes over 100 recipients (including you as the sender), this checkbox will be selected by default.
Type your message in the Message field. All content is sent in plain text. Any URLs included in your message automatically become clickable after the message is sent.
To add an attachment, click the Attachment icon.
To add a media file, click the Media File icon.
To send your message, click the Send button.How do I import SCORM files as a page as an instructor
Open SCORM
In Course Navigation, click the SCORM link.
Upload File
Click the Upload button.
Open File
Select the file from your computer and click the Open button.
Choose Import Type
Once the file is uploaded, select the object import type. Click the Choose Import Type menu and select the Import as page option. 
Notes: 
The import type selected when importing a SCORM file is permanent and cannot be changed in Canvas.
You can also import a SCORM file as a graded or ungraded assignment. 
Import File
Click the Go button.
Note: If content does not immediately load, your LTI tool may need to be reconfigured. Please contact your admin for assistance.
View File
To view the page in Canvas or to edit the page, click the Assignment icon.
View Page
View the uploaded page as a course page. 
View in Pages
Imported SCORM pages also display on the Pages Index page. Once imported, you can assign a to-do date to the page and add it as a module item. 
Preview File
To preview the uploaded content, click the Preview icon. 
Preview Page
SCORM page previews display the files they appear for students in your course. 
To reset the test content, click the Reset button. 
To close the preview window, click the Done button.
Delete File
To delete a SCORM file, click the Delete icon.
Note: If you delete a SCORM page upload in Pages, you can still view the file on the SCORM page. Clicking the Assignment icon generates an error. However, if you delete the uploaded file in the SCORM page, the page is also deleted from all other applicable Canvas locations. How do I set up a quiz to be sent to my institution's student information system (SIS) as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
To add a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button. 
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To create a quiz with New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
Edit Quiz
To set up a quiz that has already been created, locate the quiz, click the Options icon and select the Edit option. 
Sync to SIS
In the quiz options, click the Sync to [SIS] checkbox. 
The [SIS] label may display the name of your institution's SIS.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button.
Note: For new quizzes, you can click the Save & Publish button.
View Quiz Errors
How do I set up a quiz to be sent to my institution's student information system (SIS)?
If you cannot save your quiz and you receive an error message, your institution may limit assignment names and/or require due dates. The error will show which requirement needs to be resolved before the quiz can be enabled to be synced to your SIS. Correct the error then save the quiz again.How do I duplicate a module item as an instructor
Open Modules
in Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Duplicate Module Item
Locate the module item you want to duplicate and click the Options icon. Click the Duplicate link.
Note: If a module item cannot be duplicated, the Duplicate link will not display in the options menu.
View Duplicate
View the duplicate module item in your course.
Note: If applicable to your course, the Modules page displays any Blueprint Course or Sync to SIS icons after the page is refreshed.How do I import SCORM files as an assignment as an instructor
Open SCORM
In Course Navigation, click the SCORM link.
Upload File
Click the Upload button.
Open File
Select the file from your computer and click the Open button.
Choose Import Type
Once the file is uploaded, select they object import type. Click the Choose Import Type menu and select an option . You can import the file as a graded assignment, an ungraded assignment, or a page. 
Note: The import type selected when importing a SCORM file is permanent and cannot be changed in Canvas. If a SCORM file is uploaded as an ungraded assignment, the assignment is not worth points, the assignment is not added to the gradebook, and students cannot earn a grade for the assignment.
Import File
Click the Go button.
Note: If content does not immediately load, your LTI tool may need to be reconfigured. Please contact your admin for assistance.
View File
To view the assignment in Canvas or to edit assignment details, click the Assignment icon.
View in Assignments
Imported SCORM assignments also display on the Assignments Index page. Once imported, you can move the assignment to an assignment group and add it as a module item. 
Preview File
To preview the uploaded content, click the Preview icon. 
Preview File
SCORM assignment previews display the files they appear for students in your course. By default, the file preview displays a No Score label. However, if you complete the assignment in preview mode, the display changes to reflect an earned score.
To reset the test content, click the Reset button. 
To close the preview window, click the Done button.
Note: All SCORM uploads default to 100 points possible. 
Delete File
To delete a SCORM file, click the Delete icon.
Note: If you delete a SCORM assignment in the Assignments page, you can still view the assignment on the SCORM page. Clicking the Assignment icon generates an error. However, if you delete the assignment in the SCORM page, the assignment is also deleted from all other applicable Canvas locations. What are the browser and computer requirements for Instructure products
Supported Browsers
The widget above searches your current browser settings and indicates your browser status. You should always use the most current version of your preferred browser. Your browser will notify you if there is a new version available. Cookies and JavaScript should be enabled.
Unsupported Browser Banner in Canvas
Some supported browsers may still produce a banner stating Your browser does not meet the minimum requirements for Canvas. If you have upgraded your browser, but you are still seeing the warning banner, try logging out of Canvas and clearing your browser's cache and cookies.
Enterprise Extended Release Browsers in Canvas
Chrome and Firefox offer extended release versions for organizations that manage client desktops. Chrome ESR can be kept up-to-date with the existing full version of Chrome at any time. However, Firefox ESR is only updated with every seventh major version, which causes Firefox ESR to overlap with outdated versions. The Firefox ESR webpage notes that ESR may not be supported in every web application because of this version release delay. Institutions who use Firefox ESR should consider deploying the latest release to ensure the best Canvas user experience.
* For extended release browser versions, the warning banner still applies and displays in Canvas for any browser below the minimum version requirement.
Known Browser Behaviors
Like all Instructure product features, contrary behaviors relating to browsers are prioritized by our product teams, and some behaviors in the previous version may not be resolved. If a behavior exists in the previous version of the browser that does not exist in the current version, the best solution is to update to the newest browser version.
The Safari browser does not support recording media.
Recording media in Studio or Canvas SpeedGrader is not supported in the Safari or Firefox browsers.
Accessibility
Instructure is committed to W3C's Web Accessibility Initiative. To learn about supported screen reader and browser combinations, please see the Canvas accessibility standards, accessibility within Studio, and Mastery Connect accessibility options documents.
JavaScript
JavaScript must be enabled to run Canvas.
Cookies
Cookies must be enabled. Additionally, some Canvas functionality requires third-party cookies to be enabled. You can learn how to enable third-party cookies.
Browser Plugins and Extensions
Some browser plugins or extensions may conflict with Instructure products and affect functionality. If you experience behavior that does not allow you to view or participate in Instructure products, please ensure you have disabled any extensions or plugins that interact directly with your web browser. 
For troubleshooting, consider logging in to Instructure products using an incognito or private browser window, which provides a browser session without any prior browsing or search history, associated browser cookies, or other factors that may interfere with the browser. If you are able to view and participate in an Instructure product using an incognito or private browser window, the behavior you are experiencing is likely related to the browser and not the Instructure product.
Browser Privacy Settings
To ensure browser security, follow all browser security policies established by your institution, especially if you are using Instructure products on a computer provided by your institution. 
When displaying content, Instructure products default to the preference set by a specific browser. Some browsers may occasionally make modifications to privacy settings to protect users from possible insecure content. Insecure content is identified with the prefix http:// in the URL and can create mixed content in your product page. Secured content is identified with the https:// prefix in the URL. For the best user experience, content should be secure to avoid browser conflicts.
If you are a Canvas admin, insecure content may be caused by hosting an insecure JS/CSS file outside of Canvas. If custom uploads are supported for your account, you can host your file in the Canvas Theme Editor, which will resolve any browser conflicts.
If you are a Canvas instructor who embeds Canvas lessons inside your course, you can prevent browser issues with mixed content using secured Canvas Guides URLs.
Known Browser Behaviors
Chrome, Edge, Firefox, and Safari use HTML5 to display website content, promoting a faster, more secure browsing experience. For best performance in Instructure products, content should be designed to support HTML5. 
In browsers such as Safari, insecure content never displays in the browser. However, in Chrome and Firefox, you may be able to view insecure content. Please be aware of possible restrictions and view insecure content with caution.
Chrome Security
Google Chrome verifies that the website content you view is transmitted securely. If you visit a page in your Instructure product that is linked to insecure content, Chrome displays a Not Secure security symbol in the browser address bar.
To select any needed permissions for a page, you can override security restrictions by clicking the Not Secure symbol and then clicking the Site settings link.
You can learn more about Chrome security.
Chrome Media Permissions
Chrome has its own media permission within the browser. To use your computer camera and microphone within any Instructure product feature, allow access to Instructure products via Chrome's media permission settings. This prompt appears just below the address bar. To allow access, click the Allow button.
Firefox Security
Firefox verifies that the website content you view is transmitted securely. If you visit a page in your Instructure product that is linked to insecure content, Firefox displays a crossed-out lock icon in the browser address bar. 
To enable any needed permissions for a page, you can override security restrictions by clicking the crossed-out lock icon, clicking the Connection not secure option, clicking the More Information link, and selecting the Permissions tab. 
Computer Specifications
For best performance, access Instructure products with a computer that supports the most recent browser versions. It is recommended to use a computer five years old or newer with at least 1GB of RAM.
Operating System
Instructure products require an operating system that can run the latest compatible web browsers. Your computer operating system should be kept up to date with the latest recommended security updates and upgrades. 
Internet Speed
Along with compatibility and web standards, Instructure products have been carefully crafted to accommodate low bandwidth environments.
It is recommended to have a minimum Internet speed of 512 kbps.
Mobile Devices
Instructure products are optimized for desktop displays. However, if you are using a mobile device, you can access Instructure products using a mobile application (app) or mobile browser.
Mobile Apps
For the best user experience, please download the product mobile apps. Mobile apps are currently available for Canvas and Mastery Connect.
The Canvas mobile apps require Android 8.0 or later and iOS 15.0 or later. Canvas offers limited support for native mobile browsers on tablet devices. For additional details, please reference the limited-support mobile browser guidelines. 
Mastery Connect mobile apps require Android 8.0 or later and iOS 15.0 or later. For additional details, please reference Mastery Connect Requirements.
Mobile Browsers
Visit the Apple store or the Play store to download mobile browsers. The following major browsers are compatible with mobile devices:
iOS
Safari (default browser with limited Canvas support)
Chrome
Android
Chrome (default browser with limited Canvas support)*
Internet 
Firefox
*Android default browser varies per mobile device.How do I manage alt text and display options for images embedded in the Rich Content Editor as a student
00:07: How do I manage alt text and display options for images embedded in the rich content
00:11: editor?
00:13: Open the rich content editor when using one of the canvas features, which support the editor.
00:19: Click the image then click the options link.
00:22: You can manage display options for embedded images in the image options menu.
00:28: If an image is added to the rich content editor via URL the image
00:32: options menu includes the file URL field.
00:35: The URL can be updated to change the image displayed in the editor.
00:40: Enter an alternative text description or text tags in the alt text field.
00:45: By default the alt text field displays the image file name.
00:49: Alt text is read by screen readers and it displays when an embedded image
00:53: cannot display. If the image is decorative and does not require, alt
00:57: text select the decorative image option.
01:02: By default the embed image display option is selected for embedded images.
01:07: To display the image file link select the display text link display option
01:11: the file link will replace the image in the rich content editor.
01:17: Click the size drop-down menu. You can select a small medium
01:21: large or extra-large image size or you can select to enter
01:25: custom dimensions.
01:28: To customize the size of your image enter the custom height or width dimension
01:32: in one of the two Dimension fields. As you enter a value in one
01:36: field the other fields value changes in order to retain the image aspect
01:40: ratio.
01:43: You can also manually adjust the image size in the rich content editor.
01:47: When you click the image adjustment handles appear in each corner.
01:51: Click and drag the handles to adjust the image size.
01:55: If you select a custom image size, you can change the size selecting the pixels
01:59: Dimension type radio button and changing one of the two Dimension type fields.
02:05: You can also change the custom image size by selecting the percentage Dimension type
02:09: radio button and changing the percentage field.
02:13: Click the done button.
02:16: View the image embedded in the rich content editor.
02:19: This guide covered how to manage alt text and display options for images embedded
02:23: in the rich content editor.
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Open Image Options
Click the image, then click the Options link. 
You can manage display options for embedded images in the Image Options menu. 
Update File URL
If an image is added to the Rich Content Editor via URL, the Image Options menu includes the File URL field. The URL can be updated to change the image displayed in the editor.
Add Alt Text
Enter an alternative text description or text tags in the Alt Text field. By default, the Alt Text field displays the image file name. Alt text is read by screen readers, and it displays when an embedded image cannot display.
If the image is decorative and does not require alt text, select the Decorative Image option. 
Select Display Options
By default, the Embed Image display option is selected for embedded images.
To display the image file link, select the Display Text Link display option. The file link will replace the image in the Rich Content Editor. 
Select Image Size
Click the Size drop-down menu. You can select a small, medium, large, or extra large image size, or you can select to enter custom dimensions. 
To customize the size of your image, enter the custom height or width dimension in one of the two dimension fields. As you enter a value in one field, the other field's value changes in order to retain the image aspect ratio. 
Note: Custom image size must be at least 10x10px. 
Manually Adjust Image Size
You can also manually adjust the image size in the Rich Content Editor. 
When you click the image, adjustment handles appear in each corner. Click and drag the handles to adjust the image size. 
Select Dimension Type
If you select a custom image size, you can change the size selecting the Pixels dimension type radio button and changing one of the two dimension type fields.
You can also change the custom image size by selecting the Percentage dimension type radio button and changing the percentage field.
Save Changes
Click the Done button. 
View Embedded Image
View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor.How do I add Slack as a contact method in Canvas as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link. Then click the Settings link.
Add Contact Method
In the Other Contacts section, click the Add Contact Method link.
Register Slack Email
Click the Slack Email tab.
Enter the email address associated with your Slack account in the Slack Email field.
Click the Register Slack Email button.
Confirm Slack Email
You will receive a Slack notification with a four-character confirmation code. Enter the code in the confirmation field.
To confirm the communication channel, click the Confirm button.
Delete Slack
To delete Slack as a contact method, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I view survey results in a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Survey
Click the Survey name.
Show Student Survey Results
Click the Options icon and select the Show Student Survey Results link to view individual submissions.
Select Student Survey Result
Under the Students who have taken the quiz heading, click the name of a student. You can also see a list of students who haven't taken the practice quiz. The warning icon indicates a submission that needs review.
Open Survey Statistics
In the sidebar, click the Survey Statistics link to view all the responses to the Survey.
Note: To view responses to essay questions, view individual submissions or download the Student Analysis CSV.
View and Filter Statistics
View the Survey statistics. You can view an entire summary that shows all score percentages. The summary also shows the quiz average score, high score, low score, standard deviation (how far the values are spread across the entire score range), and average time of completion.
To filter Survey statistics, click the Section Filter button and choose the section that you would like to view. Note that you can only view the first 10 sections of your course. To access additional Survey results, generate a Student Analysis report.
View Student Analysis Report
Like quiz statistics, you can also download Survey results by clicking the Student Analysis button.
Note: By default, the submitted time in the Student Analysis report is shown in UTC, not your set time zone.How do I attach a file to a message as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
To start a new message, click the Compose icon.
Browse for Attachment
To attach a file, click the Attachment icon.
Select File(s)
Select the file and click the Open button. 
Select Multiple Files
You can upload additional files by clicking the Attachment icon. 
If you accidentally select the wrong file, click the Remove icon to remove it, or click the Attachment icon, or double click the file to select a different file. 
When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Attachment(s)
The attachments display below the message. To view the file, click the link.How do I create a cloud assignment with a Microsoft Office 365 file as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Enter the number of points for the assignment, select the Assignment Group, and select the grading type from the Display Grade as menu. 
Note: When adding a Microsoft Office 365 assignment it overwrites the title and description in the assignment settings.
Select Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the External Tooloption.
Note: If you want to use a Canvas rubric for the assignment, you must add the rubric before setting the External Tool submission type. Additionally, if you want to apply moderated grading, you must set up moderated grading before setting the External Tool submission type.
Find External Tool
Click the Find button.
Configure External Tool
Locate and select Office 365 Cloud Assignment.
If you want the assignment to load in a new tab, click the Load in a new tab checkbox. Click the Select button.
Attach File
Locate and select the file you want to link to the assignment. Click the Attach File button.
Select Tool
In the External Tool window, view the URL for your assignment file. To select a different file, click the Office 365 link again. 
If you want the assignment to load in a new tab, click the Load in a new tab checkbox. 
Click the Select button.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Assignment
View the assignment.How do I use DocViewer in Canvas assignments as a student
View DocViewer
To access DocViewer, view feedback from your instructor or peer review feedback on the assignment details page. The View Feedback link displays an indicator if annotated comments have been added to a supported assignment.
View DocViewer Toolbar
The DocViewer Toolbar helps you manage the assignment submission.
To download a PDF of the annotated submission, click the Download button.
If there are multiple pages, the Page number field will let you advance through the submission to find the page you want to annotate. To go to another page, enter the page number in the Page field. You can also use the arrow icons to advance through the submission.
To zoom in and out on the submission, use the Zoom buttons.
To view the submission in full screen, click the Full Screen button.
To annotate the submission, use the annotation tools.
Note: If you cannot use the annotation tools in DocViewer, your institution may have restricted this feature.
Add Point Annotation
To leave a point annotation, select the Pointannotation type.
Select the color for the point annotation in the color panel.
Click the desired area of the submission. The point annotation icon will appear indicating the location of the annotation. To add a comment to the point annotation, type the comment in the Comment field. To start a new line in your comment, press the Shift+Enter/Return keys. To submit your comment, press the Enter/Return key.
You can reply to DocViewer comments by clicking the Reply button.
To move the annotation, hover over the point annotation icon in the document. Click and drag the annotation to the new area.
To delete a point annotation and its comments, click the annotation and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the annotation. 
To delete a point annotation comment and its replies, click the comment Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the annotation comment and its replies. 
Add Highlight Annotation
To highlight text within the document, select the Highlight annotation type. 
Select the color for the highlight annotation in the color panel.
Click and drag to highlight text within the submission.
To add a comment to the highlight annotation, click the Comment button. To start a new line in your comment, press the Shift+Enter/Return keys. To submit your comment, press the Enter/Return key.
To delete a highlight annotation, click the highlighted area and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the highlight. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Add Text Annotation
To add text directly in the submission, select the Free text annotation type. 
Select the color for the text annotation in the color panel.
Select a white or transparent background for the text annotation as well as the font size for the annotation.
Click in the desired area of the submission, then type your entry. To start a new line in your comment, press the Shift+Enter/Return keys.
To move the annotation, hover over the text box in the document. Click and drag the annotation to the new area.
To delete the text annotation, click the text box and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the text box.
Add Strikeout Text Annotation
To indicate that text should be deleted, select the Strikeout annotation type. 
Select the color for the strikeout line in the color panel.
Click and drag to strike out within the submission. A line will appear indicating the text has been struck out. 
To add a comment to the strikeout annotation, click the Comment button. To start a new line in your comment, press the Shift+Enter/Return keys. To submit your comment, press the Enter/Return key.
To delete a strikeout annotation, click the strikeout area and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the strikeout line. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Add Draw Annotation
To make freehand drawings and annotations, select the Free Draw annotation type. 
Select the color for the drawn annotation in the color panel.
Select your annotation line width from the line width panel.
Click and drag to start a drawing. Free-form lines will appear indicating the drawing area. You can add multiple strokes to a drawn annotation. 
To add a comment to your drawn annotation, click the Comment button. To start a new line in your comment, press the Shift+Enter/Return keys. To submit your comment, press the Enter/Return key. 
To accept the drawn annotation, click the Check icon.
To move a drawing, hover over the outline of the drawing, then drag and drop the drawing to the new area of the document. 
To delete a drawing at any time, click the drawing and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the drawing. Deleting an annotation also deletes any associated comments.
Note: Draw annotations can only have one line width per annotation. Individual annotations must be saved before creating a new line with a different width.
Add Area Annotation
To leave an area annotation, select the Areaannotation type.
Select the color for the area annotation in the color panel.
Click and drag the rectangle around an area of the submission. A box will appear indicating the area for the annotation.
To add a comment to the area annotation, type the comment in the Comment field. To start a new line in your comment, press the Shift+Enter/Return keys. To submit your comment, press the Enter/Return key.
You can reply to DocViewer comments by clicking the Reply button.
To move the annotation, hover over the border. Click and drag the annotation to the new area of the document.
To delete an area annotation, click the annotation and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the comment. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
To delete an area annotation comment and its replies, click the comment Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the annotation comment and its replies. 
View Comments
Individual comments include an icon that displays the type and color of the annotation. The annotation icon displays next to the commenter's name and only displays in the primary comment for an annotation. Replies to a comment do not include the icon.
Instructors may leave additional comments or reply to your comments. When an annotated comment includes more than five content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link. To expand a comment, click the ellipses link. If a comment includes multiple replies, all replies will be expanded.
Comments with replies are stacked. When you click on a comment, all replies are expanded in the group. The number of stacked replies is indicated below the first comment.
Comments remain on the page where the annotation was made. If there are too many comments to display on a single page, the comment section becomes scrollable and some comments are hidden. An indicator shows how many comments have been hidden.
You can delete your comments by clicking the Delete icon.
View Anonymous Instructor Comments
If your instructor has enabled Anonymous Instructor Annotations, annotations and comments on your submission will not display the name of the instructor or grader.
View Other User Annotations
When another user adds an annotation within a document, you can view the author of the annotation by clicking the annotation.
You can also leave a comment on any annotation created by other users.
View Deleted Items
Your instructor can delete any comment or annotation at any time. If a comment or annotation is deleted, the deleted item displays in the sidebar. You can view the name of the user who made the deletion and the date of the deletion. Items can only be deleted by instructors or admins. 
If multiple comments or annotations are deleted, including comment replies with the same comment thread, each comment or annotation will include its own heading information about the deletion.
To permanently remove the deleted item, click the Remove icon.
Note: Permanently deleted items cannot be recovered.How do I find an existing outcome to add to a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Find Outcome
Click the Find button.
Import Outcome
Select the name of an outcome group to view available outcomes. You can also view outcome groups within other outcome groups. 
When you have located an outcome, click the name of the outcome you want to import. Click the Import button.
Note: You can also import an entire outcome group. 
View Outcome
View the imported outcome.
Outcomes and outcome groups are imported to the main outcome level; learn how to move outcomes or outcome groups.How do I manage temporary enrollments in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Filter by Temporary Enrollment Recipients
To filter by temporary enrollment recipients, click the Show only temporary enrollment recipients checkbox.
Filter by Temporary Enrollment Providers
To filter by temporary enrollment providers, click the Show only temporary enrollment providers checkbox.
Manage Temporary Enrollments
To manage a user's Temporary Enrollment Providers, click the Manage Temporary Enrollment Providers icon. To manage a user's Temporary Enrollment Recipients, click the Manage Temporary Enrollments Recipients icon.
Note: A user can be both a provider and a recipient, if desired.
View User's Temporary Enrollments Recipients
When managing a user's temporary enrollments, you can add a recipient, edit a recipient, or delete a recipient. Then, click the Done button.
View User Details Page
On the user's page, a Temporary Enrollments section displays courses the user is temporarily enrolled in. The details related to the time frame and role are also displayed.
Individual enrollments can be deleted by clicking the Remove icon.
Note: Temporary enrollment recipients are restricted to the same course section(s) as the provider.How do I create a Fill in the Blank question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Fill in the Blank Question
Click the Add Fill in the Blank button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains additional instructions and information for your Fill in the Blank question. 
Enter a statement and surround a word with backticks to indicate where a user will fill in the answer (e.g., "Roses are `red`, violets are `blue`"). You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Note: To create a backtick using a U.S. keyboard, press the `(backtick) key located below the escape key.
Select Answer Type
In the Answer Type menu, select the answer type to use for a blank space. Fill in the Blank answer types are Open Entry, Dropdown, or Word Bank.
Select Text Match
For Open Entry answer types, you will need to select a Text Match option from the Text Match menu. The following options are available:
Contains: Allows for the text to exist anywhere in student responses. However, student answers must match the specified spelling and case. For example, if the blank is "panda", an answer of "It's a panda" will be marked correct, while an answer of "Panda" will be marked incorrect.
Close Enough: Uses Levenshtein Distance to determine if the response is close enough to the correct answer. Levenshtein Distance is the number of single-character edits needed to change one word to another. You can choose to ignore case.
Exact Match: Requires case and spelling to match exactly.
Specify Correct Answers: Specifies that each acceptable response use regular expressions for a custom match.
Regular Expression Match: Requires using specialized text strings that describe search patterns. The following step includes a few examples of basic concepts used in regular expressions. Regular expressions are not recommended for beginners and cannot be explained in full in this guide. To begin learning more about regular expressions, read the Regular Expression Wikipedia entry.
Regular Expression Match Examples
You can use the question mark (?) to indicate zero or one occurrences of the preceding element, the asterisk (*) to indicate zero or more occurrences of the preceding element, and the plus sign (+) to indicate one or more occurrences of the preceding element. For example, colou?r matches both "color" and "colour"; "ab*c" matches "ac", "abc", "abbc", etc.; "ab+c" matches "abc", "abbc", "abbbc", etc.
You can use a vertical bar (|) to separate alternatives, such as "gray|grey".
You can use parentheses ("()") to define the scope and precedence of the operators. For example, gr(a|e)y matches "gray" and "grey".
Select Possible Choices
For Dropdown answer types, enter the answer choices in the Possible Choices fields. Click the button next to the correct answer.
To add additional answers, click the Add Answer link. To delete an answer, click the Delete icon.
Select Word Bank
For Word Bank answer types, enter the answer choices in the Correct Answer fields. Enter words in the Word Bank Distractors section.
To add additional distractor words, click the Add Distractor link. To delete a distractor word, click the Delete icon.
Set Options
To reuse word bank choices, click the Allow word bank choices to be reused checkbox. To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can enable a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add a question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.How do I reply to a discussion as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to the main discussion, enter your reply in the Reply field. 
Post Reply
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor. If allowed in your course, you may also attach files. 
To post your reply, click the Post Reply button.
Note: If you post your discussion response before an attached image finishes uploading, Canvas displays a warning message.
View Your Reply
Your reply displays at the bottom of the discussion reply thread. The border of your post flashes to indicate it has been newly posted. The unread icon next to your post immediately changes to the read icon if Canvas automatically marks your posts as read. However, if you manually mark your posts as read, the unread icon remains until you manually mark the post as read.
Thread a Discussion Reply
To respond to a discussion reply, click the Reply link.
Note: Depending on how your instructor set up the discussion, the reply field may look slightly different. 
Post Reply
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor. If allowed in your course, you may also attach files. 
To post your reply, click the Post Reply button.
Note: If you post your discussion response before an attached image finishes uploading, Canvas displays a warning message.
View Reply
Your reply displays at the bottom of the discussion thread. If your discussion replies are automatically marked as read, your new reply displays a Read icon. If you have selected to manually mark read discussion posts, your post displays an Unread icon until you manually mark it as read.How do I link to a document from Canvas in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of the file, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear.
To insert a hyperlink to a course content item, select the text for your hyperlink. 
Insert Documents from Toolbar
Alternatively, you can insert documents from the toolbar. Click the Documents icon. To view your user documents, click the User Documents option. 
Note: To view the Documents icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Insert Documents from Menubar
To insert a document from the menubar, click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Document options, then select the User Documents option. If you are accessing the Rich Content Editor from a group, you can also view group documents by selecting the Group Documents option.
View and Sort Files
By default, the Add menu displays all files in your selected file source. 
To sort the displayed files by image, document, or media file type, click the Type drop-down menu. 
To sort the displayed files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu. To search for a document, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Select File
Click the name of the file you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the file or the hyperlinked text.
To manage options for the link, click the link title and click the Link Options link.
View Link Options
You can edit the link text in the Text field or link URL in the Link field.
To disable users from seeing a file preview, select Disable Preview option.
You can choose to display a file preview in a pop-up window or in-line preview when the link is clicked. You can also choose to expand an in-line preview by default. 
To allow users to view a file preview in a pop-up window when the link is clicked, select the Preview in overlay option. 
To allow users to view an in-line preview when the link is clicked, click the Preview inline option. To expand the in-line preview by default, click the Expand preview by Default checkbox.  
To save link options, click the Done button.
Notes:
Inline preview is not supported in the Canvas beta environment.
Inline preview is not supported in Edit mode.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content. 
To preview the file, click the file link. Links to external URLs display an Open icon.
To download the linked file, click the Download icon. How do I filter columns and rows in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Search Students
By default, the Gradebook shows all active students. To search for students by name or SIS ID, enter your search query in the Search Students field. 
The Search Students field allows multiple student names to be filtered at the same time. Selecting a student filters the Gradebook to display only that student's row. If multiple students are selected, rows display for all selected students. Likewise, deselecting a student removes the student's row from the Gradebook view.
The Search Students field also respects Concluded and Inactive Enrollment options. If the Concluded Enrollment or Inactive Enrollment options are selected as filters, no Concluded or Inactive enrollments display in the Gradebook.
Note: Student name search results displays secondary information if more than one student has the same name in the course.
Search Assignments
By default, the Gradebook shows all assignments. To search for assignments, enter an assignment name in the Search Assignments field. 
The Search Assignments field allows multiple assignment names to be filtered at the same time. 
Selecting an assignment displays the assignment in a column closest to the student name. If multiple assignments are selected, the assignment columns display in the reverse order they are selected.
Filter Gradebook
Click the Apply Filters button. Then you can either create and manage filter presets or use the gradebook filters. More than one filter can be applied at any time.
View Modules
To filter by modules, click the Modules option. Then select the module you want to display.
View Grading Periods
When Multiple Grading Periods are enabled in a course, you can filter the Gradebook by grading period. To filter by grading period, click the Grading Periods option. Then select the grading period you want to display.
View Assignment Groups
To filter by assignment group, click the Assignment Groups option. Then select the assignment group you want to display.
View Sections
To filter by section, click the Sections option. Then select the section you want to display. Course sections are displayed alphabetically.Note: When a section filter is applied in the Gradebook, SpeedGrader also displays assignment submissions for the same section.
View Student Groups
To filter by student groups, click the Student Groups option. Then select the student group you want to display.Note: If your course does not include student groups, the Student Groups option is not displayed.
View Status
To filter by status, click the Status option. Then select the status you want to display.
View Submissions
To filter by submissions, click the Submissions option. Then select the type of submissionsyou want to display.
View Start and End Date
To filter by start and end date, click the Start & End Date option. Then click in the Start Date and/or End Date fields and select dates. Click the Apply button. The Gradebook displays only assignments that have a due date at or beyond the start date and/or at or before the end date.
View Filters
View the selected filters.
You can manage selections directly from the filter option by clicking the filter option drop-down menu.
Remove Filters
To remove a filter, click the filter option drop-down menu and click the Remove Filter option.How do I download the contents of my ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Download ePortfolio
To download your ePortfolio, click the Download the contents of this ePortfolio as a zip file link.
View Download Process
You can monitor the download through the progress bar. It will download as a .zip file to your browser's set download location.What is the Roll Call Attendance Tool
View Attendance
With the Attendance tool, instructors can keep track of course attendance by taking roll electronically. Instructors can choose to view the tool in a list or grid format and can customize the placement of each student in the seating chart. 
View Attendance Assignment
When you take attendance using Roll Call, Canvas automatically adds Attendance as an assignment. The default point value for attendance is 100 points.
To avoid Attendance calculation errors, never delete, rename, or unpublish the Attendance assignment.
Note: Although students cannot view the actual attendance tool, they can still view the attendance assignment in the Assignments page. This assignment cannot be hidden from students.
Take Attendance
The status set for each student is associated with a percentage value. Statuses include present and on time, not present, late, and unmarked (excused absence).
The Attendance tool also creates an assignment in the Gradebook and calculates attendance as a percentage of a student's grade.
View Lateness Value
By default, the value of being late is 80% of the present value. So if a student is late, the student will receive 80% for the day instead of the full 100%. The late value can be adjusted in Roll Call settings.
View Gradebook Scores
In the Gradebook Attendance column, by default Canvas displays the assignment based on percentage of the point value. For instance, if the point value is 100, and roll call has been taken twice, a student with one present value (100%) and one lateness value (calculated at 80%) will have a score of 90 points, or 90%.
The Attendance Gradebook column will update every time you take roll call in the Attendance tool.
Note:Although students cannot view the actual attendance tool, if you are using attendance for grading, they can still view their attendance score in their Grades page and view their attendance report. You can prevent the assignment from triggering notifications by setting a manual posting policy for the assignment.
Export Attendance Data
At both the account and course levels, the Attendance tool allows users to create attendance reports.
Note: Admins can also filter reports by SIS Course ID.
Create and Manage Badges
At the account level, admins can create and manage badges used in the Attendance Tool. 
At the course level, any badges added by a Canvas admin automatically appear for the course. However, instructors can also create additional badges for their course as needed. How do I use modules to view the progress of students in a course as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
View Student Progress
Modules displays an overview of each module and the content within each module. Any completion requirements are listed next to the module content item. Prerequisite requirements are posted at the top of the module.
To view student progress in your course, click the View Progress button.
Select Student
When opening the View Progress window, Canvas will always default to show the first student in your course (listed alphabetically by last name).
To view progress for another student, click the student's name in the Student Progress list. 
View Module Progress
The Module Progress window shows the progress of each student in your course. Modules can be completed, in progress, locked, or unlocked. 
In Progress: the student has started but not finished the module
Locked: the module cannot yet be accessed by the student because of completion or prerequisite requirements
Completed: the student has completed the module, or the module has no completion requirements
Unlocked: the student can access but has not yet started the module
To learn more about what a student is accessing, visit the access report lesson.How do I manage feature options in my user account as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
View Feature Options
Available features appear in the Feature Options section. 
To view specific user-level feature options available in Canvas, visit the user account features lesson.
Filter Feature Options
To filter by all features, enabled features or disabled features, click the Filter drop-down menu.
Search Feature Options
To search for a feature option, type a keyword in the Search field. 
View Types of Features
Each feature includes a feature description. To expand the feature box and display the description, click the arrow icon.
View Feature Tags
Feature tags help identify the state of each feature. A feature with no label means the feature is stable and ready for use in your production environment. Features may also include a beta tag, which means the feature is available for use in your production environment but is still being tested for usability and accessibility behavior. Enabling a beta feature may create unintended behavior within your Canvas account.
Note: Occasionally features may include a Development tag, which means the feature is only available for testing in your beta environment; it is not available in your production environment. Not all institutions allow testing in beta environments.
View Feature States
You can choose to enable or disable feature options.
To enable or disable a feature, click the feature's State icon. 
To turn the feature on, click the Enabled option. Enabled features display the Enabled icon.
To turn the feature off, click the Disabled option. Disabled features display the Disabled icon. How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as a student
Open QR Code
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the QR Code for Mobile Login link.
Note: If you cannot view the QR for Mobile Login link, your institution has not enabled this feature. 
Confirm QR Code Display
To display your mobile login QR code, click the Proceed button.
View QR Code
View your QR code. The QR code can be scanned from the login page of the Student app from an Android device or an iOS device.
Note: Mobile login QR codes expire 10 minutes after they are generated.How do I upload a file or image to my ePortfolio page as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the title of the page you wish to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add Image or File
Click on the Image/File Upload link.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button. 
Select File
Locate the file and click the Open button.
Upload File
Click the Select/Upload File button to upload the file.
Notes: 
You can also use the files you have previously uploaded to your personal files by clicking on the my files icon.
Multiple files and different file types can be uploaded to the same ePortfolio page.
Delete File
You can delete a file or image by selecting the Delete icon.
Save Changes
Click the Save Page button to save the changes you made.
View Page
View the changes you made to the page.How do I use the Roll Call Attendance tool in a course as an instructor
Open Attendance
In Course Navigation, click the Attendance link.
Note: The Attendance link does not display to students, so you do not need to hide this link in the Navigation tab within Course Settings. 
Edit Roll Call Settings
To edit Roll Call settings, click the Settings icon, then click the Roll Call Settings button.
You can exclude the Roll Call assignment from the final grade and adjust the lateness value.
Exclude from Final Grade
If you do not want the Roll Call Attendance assignment to count toward the final grade, select the Do not count attendance toward final grade checkbox.
Note: Excluding an assignment from the final grade can also be managed from the assignment settings. However, it is recommended to manage the setting in Roll Call settings. 
View Lateness Value
To specify a lateness percentage, move the slider bar. By default, the lateness bar is set to 80%.
The lateness percentage indicates the attendance score a student will receive if they are marked late. For example, a student with one presence (100%) and one lateness (80%) will have an average attendance score of 90%.
Create Seating Chart
When your course is published and students have accepted course invitations, you can create a seating chart in the Class view.
Manage Badges
When your course is published and students have accepted course invitations, you can use a student to manage badges in your course. Any badges added at the account level will automatically display as badges in your course. You can add additional badges for your course before you begin taking roll call. 
Change Attendance Value
If you want to change the value of Attendance in your course, or if you want to remove Attendance from the Gradebook completely, currently you must take roll call for at least one student before you can make any changes in Roll Call. Learn more about how to change the value of Roll Call Attendance.How do I pin a discussion in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Pin Discussion
Locate the discussion and click the Options icon, then click the Pin link. You can also drag a discussion to the Pinned Discussions section.
View Discussion
View the pinned discussion in the Pinned Discussions section.
Unpin Discussion
To unpin a discussion, locate the discussion and click the Options icon, then click the Unpin link. You can also drag the discussion to the Discussions section.How do I archive a conversation as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Multiple Messages
To select multiple messages to archive, click the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select. You can also click the checkbox or use the same keyboard command to deselect a message.
Archive Conversations
Click the Archive icon.
View Archived Conversations
To view archived messages, click the Inbox drop-down menu. Select the Archived link.
Unarchive Conversations
To unarchive a message, click the message you want to unarchive. Click the Unarchive icon.How do I resend student invitations to a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
View Pending Enrollments
User enrollments display as pending until the course invitation is accepted.
Resend Individual Invitation
To resend an invitation, locate the user's name and click the Options icon, then select the Resend Invitation link.
Resend All Invitations
To resend all pending invitations, click the Resend link.
Note: The Resend link does not display until at least 24 hours after a user received the course invitation.How do I exclude an assignment from the course's final grades as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Exclude Assignment from Final Grade
Click the Do not count this assignment toward the final grade checkbox.
Save Assignment
If you want to notify users about any future assignment changes, click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox. Click the Save button. 
Note: If your assignment has not yet been published, the assignment will show the Save & Publish button. The Save button will create a draft of your assignment so you can publish it later.
View Assignment
View your assignment with the banner showing the assignment does not count toward the final grade.How do I send a quiz to another instructor in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open New Quiz Options
Locate the quiz you wish to send, then click the quiz Options icon. Select the Send To... option.
Select Recipient
To send your quiz to another instructor, click or type in the Send tofield. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your new quiz.
Note: You can send the new quiz to multiple instructors at one time.
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the quiz to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Quiz
Click the Send button. 
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the users's Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content. How do I sign up for a Canvas account as a parent as an observer
Open Canvas URL
In a browser window, enter your school's Canvas URL (e.g. schoolname.instructure.com).
Note: If you do not know your school's Canvas URL, contact your student's school.
Create Canvas Account
Click the Need a Canvas Account? link.
Sign Up As a Parent (Free Account)
Click the Parents sign up here link.
Enter Signup Details
Enter the following information:
Enter your name in the Your Name field. 
Enter your email in the Your Email field. 
Enter your password in the Password field. 
Re-enter your password in the Re-enter Password field.
Enter a paring code to link your account to your student in the Student Pairing Code field.
Agree to the terms of use by clicking the You agree to the terms of use checkbox.
Confirm that you are not a robot by completing the Captcha form (if enabled by your student's school).
Click the Start Participating button.
Note: Students can generate pairing codes from their User Settings. Depending on school permissions, admins and instructors may also be able to generate pairing codes.
Begin Observing
You can begin observing your student in Canvas immediately. 
Learn how to observe additional students in your account.
Learn how to modify your Canvas notification settings. How do I delete a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Delete Module
Click the Options icon. Select the Delete link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I link course content to a quiz question as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
Edit Existing Quiz
Click the Options icon of the quiz you want to edit. Click the Edit link.
Add Course Content to Quiz Question
You will use the Rich Content Editor to link to content in your quiz question. If you want to add course content to your quiz question, you can access it in the content list on the sidebar. 
You can upload images and files from your desktop or link to images and files you have previously uploaded.
View Quiz Question with Image Added
The image will appear in your quiz question.
Add Images to Quiz Question
You can add course images into your quiz questions. 
To upload a course image, place your cursor where you want to embed the image. Click the Image Options arrow. Then select the Course Images option.
Note: To view the Image icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button to see the question before it is published.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz. If you edited an existing quiz, any saved changes will automatically be updated. 
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
To preview the quiz, click the Preview button. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 
Save It Now
If you exit the quiz without saving, Canvas will ask you to save your changes when you return to the quiz. To update your changes, click the Save It Now button. 
View Published Quiz Question
This is what students will see when they take the quiz. How do I add a quiz as a module item as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Add Module Item
To add an item, click the Add icon, or drag and drop to add files to an empty module.
Add Item to Module
In the Add drop-down menu, select the Quiz option.
Note: When adding a quiz to a module, the Add Quiz drop-down menu only loads the first 400 quizzes.
Create New Quiz
To create a new quiz, click the Create Quiz link.
Select Quiz Engine
To create the quiz using New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a quiz using Classic Quizzes, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Enter Quiz Details
In the Quiz Name field, enter the name of the quiz. In the Group drop-down menu, select the assignment group where the quiz will be added.
Add Existing Quiz
To add an existing quiz, click the name of the quiz. Classic quizzes include the word (classic) at the end of the title.
Indent Item
In the Indentation drop-down menu, select how many levels you want the quiz to be indented in the module. You can select one level, two levels, three levels, or no identation.
Add Item
Click the Add Item button.
View Module Item
View the quiz. A classic quiz displays an empty quiz icon. To edit a classic quiz, click the name of the quiz.
A quiz created in New Quizzes displays a filled quiz icon. To edit assignment details for the quiz, click the name of the quiz. To edit quiz questions, click the Options icon and click the Build link.How do I archive a grading scheme in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Schemes
Click the Grading Schemes tab.
Archive Grading Scheme
Cicking the Archive icon.
View Archived Grading Scheme
View the archived grading scheme. To unarchive and restore the grading scheme, click the Unarchived icon.
Notes:
A grading scheme in use can be archived and then unarchived and restored to an active state.
Archived grading schemes can still be used wherever they are currently in use, but they cannot be selected for new courses or assignments.
You cannot archive the Default Canvas Grading Scheme.
When copying or exporting a course, archived default grading schemes are not copied or exported.How do I set a time zone for a course as an instructor
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Set Course Time Zone
In the Time Zone drop-down menu, select a new time zone for your course.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.
View Course Time Zone
View the time zone for your course.How do I reset my Canvas password
Email Errors
If you enter your email address and never get a password reset email, review the following password tips.
Have you typed your email address correctly? Sometimes email addresses can be misspelled. Email addresses need to be entered exactly as they were registered.
Are you accessing the correct Canvas URL? You will not get the reset email if you are trying to reset your password on a site where you are not enrolled (such as canvas.instructure.com instead of myinstitution.instructure.com).
Is your Canvas email sponsored by your institution? If your email address is part of a campus firewall system that blocks emails from mass senders, you won't be able to receive the email. Contact your institution's IT department for assistance.
Are you the owner of your email address? If your email address is owned by someone else and you can't receive email for that address, you won't be able to get the reset email. Contact the owner of the email address for assistance.
Reset Password
In a new browser window, open to your Canvas login page. Click the Forgot Password? link.
Note: If your login screen does not show the password reset link, contact your institution for assistance.
Request Password
Enter the login information associated with your Canvas account and click the Request Password button.
Note: The password reset field verifies password reset information by user login. Depending on your institution, login information may vary. 
View Password Recovery Notification
A notification displays stating that it may take up to 30 minutes to send password recovery instructions to your email and you may need to check your Spam folder to locate the email. 
Check Email
Return to your email account and sign in. Open the Forgot Password email.
If your user login is associated with multiple email addresses, password reset instructions will be sent to each address.
Note: If the Forgot Password email is not in your Inbox, check your Spam folder.
Open Password Link
Click the Click here to set a new password link.
Change Password
Type in a new password and then confirm that password by typing it again. Click the Update Password button.
Log in to Canvas
Log in to Canvas with your login credential and new password.
If you are using Canvas with an institution, you will log in either from your institution's webpage or by using their direct Canvas URL. You can search for your Canvas URL by using the lookup tool on the Instructure website or from the Free-for-Teacher login page.How do I make my ePortfolio public as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open ePortfolio Settings
Click the ePortfolio Settings link to change the privacy settings on your ePortfolio.
Set Privacy 
Click the Make it Public checkbox and click the Update ePortfolio button to save changes to your ePortfolio settings.
View Privacy
By making your ePortfolio public, anybody who has the URL address to your ePortfolio can view its contents. How do I choose an assignment path in a module as a student
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Choose Assignment Group
Locate the current module and click the Choose Assignment Group link.
Select Assignment
View the assignment options. Locate the assignment you want to select and click the Select button.
Note: Once you select an assignment, you cannot select a different assignment.
View Selected Assignment
Canvas will verify your selected assignment. To move to the next assignment, click the assignment link.
Note: If the link generates an error message, you can access the assignment by clicking the Modules link in Course Navigation.
View Modules
In the Modules page, you can also view your next assignment.How do I enable comments in my ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the title of the page you want to enable comments on.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Enable Comments
Click the Allow Comments on this Page checkbox. You can also make comments public by clicking the Make Comments Public checkbox.
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.
Add Comment
Below the content of the page, there is a place for comments. You can add a comment by typing in the text box and clicking the Add Comment button.
Note: Users must be logged in to the same Canvas account to make comments regardless of your ePortfolio visibility setting.
View Comment
You can view the comment at the bottom of the page. Delete a comment by clicking the Delete icon.
Note: Comments will only be visible to the ePortfolio owner. To allow others to view comments, you will need to make comments public. How do I find an existing outcome to add to an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account or Sub-Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Find Outcome
Click the Find button. You will find existing outcomes from Account, State or Common Core Standards.
Import Outcome
Select the name of an outcome group to view available outcomes. You can also view outcome groups within other outcome groups. 
When you have located an outcome, click the name of the outcome you want to import. Click the Import button.
Note: You can also import an entire outcome group. 
View Outcome
View the imported Outcomes.
Outcomes and outcome groups are imported to the main outcome level; learn how to move outcomes or outcome groups.How do I view captions in a video in the Rich Content Editor as a student
View Embedded Video
Embedded videos display directly in Canvas. 
Note: Videos that are embedded as extra large size or larger with captions display a Captions icon.
Select Caption Language
To view the video captions, click the Settings icon then select the Captions link. To view captions in an offered language, click the language name. 
View Captions
When closed captioning is enabled, you can view the captions as the video plays.How do I use the Dashboard as a student
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Dashboard
The Dashboard is your landing page in Canvas. Depending on your institution, your Dashboard may default to one of three views: Card View, List View, or Recent Activity View.
Card View: displays course cards for quick access to all your favorite courses (the same courses display in the Courses link from the Global Navigation Menu)
List View: displays all course to-do items in an agenda view
Recent Activity View: displays all recent activity for all courses
View Global Announcement
The Dashboard may also include global announcements, which are announcements created by your institution. To remove the announcement from your dashboard, click the Remove icon.
View Dismissed Announcement
If you dismiss a global announcement, you can view dismissed announcements on the Global Announcements page.
Change Dashboard View
To change your Dashboard view, click the Options menu and select your preferred viewing option.
View Dashboard Sidebar
When set to Card View or Recent Activity View, the Dashboard also includes a sidebar. The sidebar includes a To Do list, upcoming assignments, links to recent feedback, and buttons for creating a course or viewing grades. Learn more about using the sidebar.How do I create a theme for an account using the Theme Editor as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Themes
In Account Navigation, click the Themes link. 
Note: If sub-account themes have been enabled, each sub-account also includes a Themes link. To open the Theme Editor for a sub-account, click the Sub-Accounts link to locate and open the sub-account, then click the sub-account's Themes link.
Open Theme Template
If you do not yet have a Canvas theme for your account, use a template to create a new theme. You can choose from the Default Canvas template, a minimalist template, and a State U. template. If your Customer Success Manager has enabled the K12-specific feature option, the K12 Theme also appears as a template.
To create a new theme, hover over a template and click the Open in Theme Editor button, or click the Add Theme button and select a template from the list.
Open Saved Theme
If you previously created and saved a theme, you can edit saved themes at any time. Saved themes display in the My Themes section. To open a saved theme, hover over the name of the theme and click the Open in Theme Editor button.
To create a new theme based on a saved theme, click the Add Theme button and select the name of the saved theme from the list. This option helps you avoid overwriting your previously saved theme.
View Theme Editor
The Theme Editor displays a sample page to preview your custom branding. These components will change with the colors and branding that you add using the Theme Editor. 
View CSS/JS Upload Tab
If custom cascading style sheets (CSS) or JavaScript (JS) override files have been enabled for your account, the Theme Editor sidebar displays an Edit tab and an Upload tab. The Theme Editor defaults to the Edit tab and shows all the Theme Editor components. The Upload tab allows you to upload custom files.
Locate Components
The Theme Editor has four component groups: Global Branding, Global Navigation, Watermarks & Other Images, and Login Screen. By default, the Theme Editor sidebar displays the Global Branding group.
Locate the component you want to customize. You can expand and collapse groups by clicking the arrow icon next to the group heading.
Select Color via CSS
The default value for each component is faded in the text field.
To specify a color component, locate the component text field and enter a new CSS color. You can enter colors via hex code, RGB value, or valid color name. 
Note: Entered colors will convert and display as hex codes. 
Select Color via Color Selector
In browsers that support native color inputs, the color selector can be used to choose a value. Locate the component and click the color box. The color selector will appear in a new window.
Select Color
Select a color in the color selector window. Once a color is selected, the component displays the new color in the box. The component's hex color also updates with the new color value.
Add Images
For components that require images, locate the component and click the Select Image link. The image description will include supported file types. 
Preview Theme
To preview your theme, click the Preview Your Changes button.
Canvas will generate the preview of the components based on your template changes. If necessary, make additional changes and preview your theme again.
Save Theme
Once you are satisfied with your template changes, save your theme by clicking the Save Theme button. 
Create Theme Name
If you modified a theme from a template, the Theme Editor creates a copy of the theme. Templates cannot be edited directly. In the Theme Name field, enter a name for your theme. Click the Save Theme button.
Note: If you edited a previously saved theme, saving the theme overwrites the previous version of the theme and uses the same theme name.
Apply Theme
To apply your theme to your account, click the Apply theme button. 
To exit the theme and return to the Themes page, click the Exit button. You can open the theme and apply it to your account at any time. 
To apply the theme to your entire account, click the OK button. To return to the Theme Editor, click the Cancel button.
Note: If your account allows subaccounts to customize their own themes, any applicable changes you made will also filter down to any associated sub-accounts. Canvas shows the status of your Theme Editor updates; when the process for each subaccount is complete, the subaccount disappears from the progress window. When all subaccounts have been updated, the Theme Editor redirects back to the Themes page.Verifying student submissions
Review Assignment Comments
Students can upload files as part of an assignment comment. If a student is unfamiliar with the assignment submission process, they may upload their assignment submission as an assignment comment. 
When you view the assignment in Speedgrader, you can view the submission details as well as any assignment comments. 
Review Student Access Report
You can also view a student's activity in your course, including submission details, from the student's Course Access Report. To view a student's access report, click the People link in Course Navigation. In the People page, locate and click the student’s name. In the student’s context card, click the student’s name.
On the student's details page, click the Access Report button.
When reviewing the access report, you can verify whether the student may have made an alternative submission around the time they reported, especially for similarly named assignments.
Request Student to Review User Files
Students may upload a file to their course or user files in Canvas as part of a submission but fail to complete the assignment submission.
Contact the student and ask them to navigate to their user files to confirm that the submission file is in the course folder.
You may want to request they send a screenshot or demonstrate in person to confirm. 
Review Quiz Attempts
In cases of missing quiz submissions, you may want to review student attempts.
In the quiz details page, click the Moderate This Quiz button. The Moderate Quiz page displays a list of students in your course. Locate the student and view their attempts in the Attempts column. Canvas registers an attempt when a student clicks the Start the Quiz button.What is the hierarchical structure for Canvas accounts
View Hierarchy
Institutions can create a hierarchical structure to best fit the needs of their institution. Users with an admin role can be assigned to specific sub-accounts with specific account-level permissions. 
Account-level permissions are initially set by the root account admin and trickle down through the hierarchy but not up. Admins for sub-accounts can modify account-level permissions for their sub-account. Admins in one account have administrative permissions within that account as well as in any sub-accounts of that account. Additionally, an admin can move a course within its sub-account, but they cannot move a course between sub-accounts unless they are also the admin of the parent account of each sub-account. 
With the exception of Terms, SIS imports, Authentication, and a few account settings, most admin account settings can be modified or, in the case of permissions, overridden in a sub-account. For more information about account-level permissions, view the Canvas Account Level Permissions PDF. 
View Subaccounts
Sub-accounts are often used to manage permissions and organizational hierarchy within an institution. Many institutions set up sub-account organizational structures that mirror their SIS or registration systems. For example, sub-accounts can be created for individual colleges within a university, or for schools within a district. Sub-accounts can also be created within sub-accounts, such as when a college subdivides into departments that subdivide into programs, or a school that subdivides into grade levels that subdivide into specific subjects. 
Admins, other Canvas users, and courses can be assigned to sub-accounts. A user can hold different roles in each sub-account. For example, a college dean who also teaches courses at their institution can be assigned as an admin in their college account and assigned a teacher role in a sub-account.
Sub-accounts can also be used to create and access question banks, outcomes, rubrics, grading schemes, reports, and analytics. 
Although terms cannot be created in sub-accounts, many institutions create terms at the root account that can be used by specific sub-accounts so each can have different access dates.
Organize accounts based on:
Departments then Term Dates. For example: Science Department; Fall 2012/Spring 2013/Summer 2013
Departments then Sub-Departments. For example: Science Department; Physics/Biology/Chemistry
Departments then Sub-Departments then Course Type. For example: Science Department; Biology; Face to Face/Blended/Fully Online
School then Grade-level. For example: K12 School; First Grade
View Courses and Sections
Courses are added to an account or subaccount. Courses are the virtual classroom where all the content resides and where student users can learn and interact with instructors and peers. 
Sections are a group of students that have been organized for administrative purposes. When users are enrolled in a course, they are actually enrolled in one of the sections of that course. It is possible to place more than one section in course, but it is not possible to put sections within sections. All sections of a course share the same content. 
If a course is taught by one or more instructors, sections can remain under one course if each instructor is added to their respective section.
Section Options
Each section can have its own varied due dates for assignments, quizzes, and discussions. For example, a course may have sections that meet on different days of the week or in different formats (online vs. face-to-face). 
Sections are also beneficial when Teacher Assistants are assigned to help manage courses and oversee grading for a portion of a course enrollment. As part of SIS or manual enrollments, you can limit students to only see students in their section. Instructors can also limit students if you allow them to manually enroll users in their own courses.
Note: Admins and instructors cannot restrict sections from accessing course navigation (i.e, Assignments, Discussions, Quizzes, etc.). If you want to assign specific assignments to individual sections, this can be done from the Assign To field. How do I select content from an external app in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment submission, discussion, page, or quiz response.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Embed Location
To embed app content in the Rich Content Editor, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the app content to appear.
To link text to content from an app, select the text for the linked content.
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Appsoption, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Select App
To find an app, type the app name in the Search field. Search results display as you type.
To select an app, click the app name.
To read a brief explanation of the app, click the View description link.
Select App Content
Use the app to search for and select content to link to or embed. External app settings and options may vary by app.
View Embedded App
You can view and interact with the embedded app content or app link depending on your embed or link settings.
View Content
View your content. You can interact with embedded app content directly in Canvas depending on external app settings.How do I use Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Enable Feature Option
In order to use Announcements Redesign in your course, you first need to enable the feature option from Course Settings. If the feature option is not available, it has not been enabled by your institution.
Open Feature Options
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link. Then click the Feature Options tab.
Enable Discussions/Announcements Redesign
Locate the Discussions/Announcements Redesign feature and click the State icon so it displays as enabled.
Learn more about managing feature previews in your course.
Note: If the feature is not available, it has not been enabled by your institution. Contact your Canvas administrator for assistance.
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
To view an announcement in the Announcements Redesign interface, click the name of the announcement.
Learn more about how to use the Assignment Index page.
View Announcement
An announcement displayed in the Announcements Redesign interface includes three sections: the announcement toolbar, announcement, and announcement replies.
View Announcement Toolbar
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies.
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button.
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the View Inline button.
View Announcement Topic
The announcement topic section includes important information about the announcement, including the topic title and description.
You can also view the name of the author, the role of the author, the date and time the announcement was published or edited, and number of replies.
View Announcement Options
The announcement topic section also includes several tools that allow you to manage your announcement.
To subscribe to or unsubscribe from the announcement, click the Subscribe icon.
To open the announcement's Options menu, click the Options icon. Use the links in the Options menu for the following:
To mark all replies as read, click the Mark All as Read link. 
To mark all replies as unread, click the Mark All as Unread link.
To edit announcement details, click the Edit link. 
To delete the announcement, click the Delete link.
To send the announcement to another instructor, click the Sent To... link. 
To copy the announcement to another course, click the Copy To... link.
View Announcement Replies
Announcement replies display below the announcement topic. 
To view threaded replies, click the # of replies link. 
Learn how to reply to an announcement and view and sort announcement replies.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing announcement topics or replies, you enter and edit your content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor allows you to format text, link text to course or external content, insert media, attach files, and @mention course users. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor.How do I edit an announcement in a course as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Click Edit 
Click the Edit button.
Edit Announcement
Edit the necessary announcement fields.
Click the Publish button.
View Announcement
View the announcement.How do I create a survey in my course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine. 
Surveys must be created using classic quizzes. To create a survey using classic quizzes, click the Classic Quizzes option. 
Then click the Submit button. 
Add Survey Details
Give your survey a name, and complete any survey instructions in the text box. 
Select Survey Type
Click the Quiz Type drop-down menu and select the survey type you want to create. 
Select Survey Options
Place your survey in an assignment group, assign your survey a score, and complete the survey options. 
Within surveys, you have all the regular quiz options, but you can also keep submissions anonymous. This anonymous option applies to both graded and ungraded surveys and can be enabled and disabled before or after survey submissions.
Select Availability Dates
You can also set a due date and available from/until dates for your survey.
Add Question
Click the Questions tab. Manually create a new survey question by clicking the New Question button. To find out what kind of options are available for questions, please see the question type lesson in the Instructor guide.
Note: If you include a file upload question on an anonymous survey, the downloaded files will include the student's name in the file name. To preserve anonymity on a survey, do not include file upload questions.
Name Survey Question
Survey questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your survey question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify survey questions more easily.
Regardless of the question name, students always see survey questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Create Likert (Quantitative) Scale Questions
If you're interested in creating questions that involve a quantitative scale, you can create a Likert scale question using the Multiple Dropdowns question type. Please reference the Likert scale lesson for more information.
Save Survey
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the survey.
Note: You should not publish your survey until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your survey and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
To preview the survey, click the Preview button. When you are ready for students to see the survey in the course, click the Publish button.How do I create hyperlinks to external URLs in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Create Hyperlink from Toolbar
To insert a link from the toolbar, click the Link icon and select the External Links option.
Note: To view the Link icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Create Hyperlink from Menubar
You can also insert a hyperlink using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To create a hyperlink using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Link option, and select the External Links option.
Insert Link
Enter the text for your hyperlink in the Text field.
Paste or type the URL for your hyperlink in the Link field. 
Click the Done button.
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab. 
Create Link Using Keyboard Shortcut
Alternatively, you can create external hyperlinks using keyboard shortcuts. After adding content in the Rich Content Editor, select the text for your hyperlink.
Then press Cmd+K (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+K (PC Keyboard). 
Insert Link
Paste or type the URL for the hyperlink in the Link field, then click the Done button.
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab. 
View Hyperlink
View the hyperlink in the Rich Content Editor. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the hyperlink in your content.
Note: When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab. How do I log out of Canvas as an instructor
Log Out 
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Logout button.How do I switch groups as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Note: If your instructor has disabled the People link in Course Navigation, you cannot switch groups. 
Open Groups
Click the Groups tab.
Or, to open your groups from the Options menu, click the Options icon and then click the View User Groups link.
Switch Groups
When multiple groups are within the same group set, you can switch groups to simultaneously leave your current group and join another group in the set. 
To switch to another group in the set, click the group Switch To button.
Verify Group Removal
A message appears at the top of your browser verifying you joined the other group. 
You are now a member of the group you switched to and you have left the other group.How do I connect to web services outside of Canvas as an observer
Open Account Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Link Services to Profile
When you register other web services with Canvas, you can integrate your account with services you already use. Each of these services also generates a contact method for other people in your course or group. 
If Profiles is enabled for your account, and you want to show any of your registered web services on your profile page, click the Let fellow course/group members... checkbox. You can select specific services to display by editing your profile.
Note: If you do not have a profile page, your student's school has not enabled this feature.
Connect to Web Services
You may be able to integrate Canvas with the following web services: 
Google Drive
SkypeHow do I set usage rights and user access for a course file folder as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Manage Usage Rights
Click the line item for the folder. Click the Usage Rights icon. Or click the Options icon and select the Manage Usage Rights link. 
Select Usage Right
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of five usage rights. If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to all the files in your folder, please consult your institutional admin for guidance:
I hold the copyright (original content created by you)
I have obtained permission to use the file (authorized permission by the author)
The material is in the public domain (explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright)
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws (excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education)
The material is licensed under Creative Commons; this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Set Folder Availability
You can also set availability to all files in the folder. By default, all files are unpublished. You can also publish the folder or restrict access.
To select availability to the files in the folder, click the radio button next to the access type. 
Note: This action does not apply to any files added to the folder after the usage right is set. If additional files are added at a later time, you will have to reset the usage right for the folder or set file usage rights individually.
Set Folder Visibility
In Course Settings, visibility defaults to course visibility. However, for individual files, the default is whatever the instructor selected in Course Settings. 
Save Folder
Click the Save button.
Open Folder
Click the name of the folder with the usage right.
View Files
View the usage right and status applied to all files in the folder.How do I link to a YouTube video in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Insert Hyperlink from Menubar
In the menubar, click the Insert link. Navigate to view Link options, and select the External Links option. 
Insert Hyperlink from Toolbar
Alternatively, you can use the toolbar icons to add your link. Click the Links icon, then click the External Links option. 
Note: To view the Links icon, you may need to click the Options icon.
Insert Link
Enter the video link in the Link field. Then click the Done button. 
View Video Link
View the video link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Apps option, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open YouTube
If the YouTube LTI tool does not display in your recently used applications, you will need to select it from the list of all applications.
Click the YouTube link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Search Videos
Enter a search term in the Search field. Then press Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) on your keyboard.
To view more information about a search option, click the video name.
Embed Video
To embed the video in the Rich Content Editor, click the Embed button. 
To manage the video embed options, click the Embed drop-down menu. You can select to embed a video hyperlink, or you can select to embed a small, medium, or large version of the video in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Video
View the embedded video in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button to save any changes to the post made in the Rich Content Editor. 
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
To view the embedded video, click the Play icon. 
To view the linked video in a new browser tab, click the video link.How do I connect to Google Drive as a web service in Canvas as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Register Google Drive
In Web Services, click the Google Drive button.
Authorize Google Drive
Click the Authorize Google Drive Access button. You will be re-directed to Google to verify the authorization.
Choose Account
Click the account you want to authorize.
Allow Authorization
Canvas will ask permission to view and manage the files in your Google Drive account. Click the Allow button.
Note: You may be asked to log in to your Google account before viewing this page.
View Registered Services
View Google Drive as a registered service in your Canvas account. How do I log in to Canvas as an observer
Open Canvas
You can access Canvas through an institution-specific Canvas URL. Canvas URLs use one of the following structures: [your student's institution's name].instructure.com or canvas.[your student's institution's name].edu. 
You can also locate your student's institution's Canvas URL using the Canvas Parent iOS app or Canvas Parent Android app.
Some institution's may also allow access to Canvas via an institution-specific authentication system which redirects to Canvas, such as a school portal or website.
Note: Canvas Network and Free-For-Teacher accounts do not follow an institution-specific URL structure. Canvas Network accounts can be accessed at learn.canvas.net. Free-For-Teachers accounts can be accessed at canvas.instructure.com.
Log in to Canvas
After locating your student's institution's Canvas URL, you can log in to your Canvas account.
To log in, enter your credentials (or login information) which may display as your email address, username, or login ID and password. Then click the Login link.
If needed and depending on your student's institution settings, you may be able to reset your password by clicking the Forgot Password link.
Note: The Login page may display differently depending on your student's instititution or if you are logging in via the Canvas Parent app. 
Log in to Canvas via QR Code
Alternatively, you can navigate to your student's institution's Canvas instance and log in to the Canvas Parent app by scanning your Canvas profile QR code from Canvas web. 
View QR log in steps for the Canvas Parent app using an Android or iOS device.How do I create custom account outcome names for students as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account or Sub-Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Create New Outcome
If you want to create a friendly name while creating a new Outcome, click the New Outcome button.
Create Friendly Name
Enter a name for the outcome in the Name this outcome field. This is the name of the outcome that will also appear for instructors in their Learning Mastery Gradebook.
To create a custom outcome name for students, enter a name in the Friendly name (optional) field. 
Edit Outcome
If you want to edit an existing outcome and add a friendly name, locate and click the name of the outcome. Click the Edit Outcome button.
You can only edit outcomes that have not yet been used to assess a student. If the Edit Outcome button is grayed out, you cannot edit the outcome.
Note: Your friendly name will not appear as part of the Outcomes Index page. How do I manually submit outstanding student quiz submissions as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Moderate This Quiz
Click the Moderate This Quiz link.
Check Outstanding Quiz Submissions
At the top of the browser window, click the Check on outstanding quiz submissions link.
Note: If you do not see the link, there are no outstanding quizzes. If the quiz is untimed, it is only considered outstanding after an event such as the ending of availability dates, deleting or editing the quiz, attempting to view the outstanding submission, and editing an assignment group.
Submit Quiz Submissions
To grade outstanding submissions for the selected student(s), click the Submit button. 
View Updated Submission
View the updated submission(s) and score(s). How do I record a webcam video, screen capture, or audio recording as a feedback comment in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Open Studio Capture
In the Assignment Comments area, click the Video comment icon.
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
View Record Media Tab
By default, the Record Media tab displays. You can use the Record Media tab options to create a webcam video, an audio recording, or a screen capture recording. You can also create a picture-in-picture recording using your webcam while sharing your screen.
Select Camera Options
By default, the media recorder connects to your computer's default webcam.
To change your camera settings, click the Camera drop-down menu. Then select a camera name. To disable the camera, select the Webcam Disabled option. 
Note: Camera names vary depending on the cameras installed on your computer.
Select Microphone Options
By default, the media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone.
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select one of the displayed microphone options.
To disable the microphone and record without audio, select the Microphone Disabled option.
Note: Microphone names vary depending on the mics installed on your computer.
Select Screen Sharing Options
By default, screen capture is disabled. To record the screen, click the Screen Capture drop-down menu. Then select the Enabled option.
Share Browser Tab
To screen share the contents of a tab on your browser, click the [Browser] Tab option. Then, select a tab name from the list. View a preview of the selected tab.
To share tab audio, click the Also share tab audio toggle on. 
To begin screen sharing, click the Share button.
Note: The Share button starts screen sharing only; it does not begin recording.
Share Window
To share an entire browser window on your computer, click the Window tab. Then, click the Window Preview tile. 
To begin screen sharing, click the Share button. 
Note: The Share button starts screen sharing only; it does not begin recording.
Share Entire Screen
To share your entire computer screen, click the Entire Screen tab. If you have more than one active screen, click the preview tile for the screen you want to share. 
To begin screen sharing, click the Share button. 
Notes: 
The Share button starts screen sharing only; it does not begin recording.
If you receive an error message when trying to initiate entire screen sharing, check to make sure that your browser has been enabled for screen recording in your computer settings. 
Record Picture-in-Picture
If you select the Entire Screen tab and your webcam is enabled, your webcam displays within the screen share as picture-in picture.
Stop Sharing
To stop screen sharing, click the Stop sharing button. 
Note: When a recording is in progress, clicking the Stop sharing button ends the recording. 
Start Recording
To begin a count down to the recording, click the Start Recording button.
Pause or Finish Recording
You can view the length of your current recording.
To pause the recording, click the Pause button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button.
Preview Recorded Media
Preview your recorded media in the media recorder.
To title your media, type in the File name field.
To submit your recording as a comment in SpeedGrader, click the Save Media button.
To discard your recording and record again, click the Start Over button.
View Posted Recording
The recording displays in the Assignment Comments area.
Note: If audible speech was recorded, captions are automatically added within a few minutes of the completed recording.
Play Recording
You or your student can play the recording. To play a recording, click the Play icon.
Manage Recording
To play the recording in the Play Media Comment window, click the Play button.
To adjust the volume, click the Volume button.
To view the media with or without captions, click the Toggle Captions button.
To adjust the speed or quality size, click the Settings button.
To expand the window to full screen, click the Full Screen button.How do I delete a message from a conversation as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Message
Hover over the timestamp of the message you want to delete to view more options. Select the Delete link.
Note: You can only select one message to delete at a time.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button to delete the message. 
Note: You can only delete your copy of the message. You cannot delete the message for all recipients.How do I sign up for a new Free-for-Teacher Canvas account as an instructor
Enter URL
Enter your Canvas registration URL (e.g. canvas.instructure.com) into your browser.
Create Canvas Account
Click the Need a Canvas Account? link.
Sign Up As a Teacher
Click the I'm a Teacher button. 
Create Your Account
To sign up for a free Canvas teacher account, enter your name in the First Name field and Last Name field.
Click the Account Type drop-down menu and select Teacher.
Click the Submit button to continue.
Enter Account Information
To finish registration create an account you will need to fill out the following fields:
Email Address
Phone Number
Country
Organization Type
Job Title
School/Organization
Why Canvas
Password
To confirm you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, click I consent to receiving marketing communications from Instructure, and to the processing of my personal data by Instructure, in accordance with and as described in the privacy policy checkbox and I agree to the Canvas Free for Teacher Acceptable Use Policy checkbox .
Click the Submit button to create your account.
View Canvas Account
You will be automatically logged into your Canvas account. To view Canvas, click the Get Started button.
Finish Registration
To finish registering for Canvas, log into your email account. Locate the registration email and click the Click here to finish the registration process link.
Create Password
Enter a password for your account in the Password field. Select your time zone in the Time Zone drop-down menu. Then click the Register button. How do I edit a conference as an instructor
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
Edit Conference
Click the conference you want to edit. Click the Settings icon and click the Edit link.
Edit Conference Details
Edit the fields you'd like to change.
Save Conference
Click the Save button.
View Conference
View the updated conference.How do I restrict students from viewing quiz results in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quiz
To restrict students from view quiz results, find the quiz you want to open.
To open the Build page, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
To create a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button.
Open Settings
Click the Settings tab.
View Warning Message
If students have already submitted the quiz, a warning message will appear on the Delivery Settings page.
Hide Student Results
By default, students can view all results for their quiz attempts. To hide quiz results from students, click the Restrict student result view button. When this option is enabled, instructors can manage what is displayed to students in their quiz results page. This includes answer choices, feedback, and scores.
Note: Students may still see their quiz grades in the Gradebook when the Restrict student result view option is enabled. To hide grades from students in the Gradebook, you need to enable a posting policy in the Gradebook.
Manage Result View Settings
When the Restrict student result view setting is enabled, you can select quiz items that display to students. To display an item in student results, click the checkbox for the item. Any items that are not select remain hidden.
Show Points
To display the points awarded for the overall quiz and individual questions in the quiz results page, click the Show points awarded checkbox.
To display the points possible for the overall quiz and individual questions in the quiz results page, click the Show points possible checkbox.
Show Items & Questions
To display quiz items and questions in the quiz results page, click the Show items and questions checkbox.
If the Show items and questions option is enabled, you can also manage the option to display student responses and item feedback. To display student responses in the quiz results page, click the Show student response checkbox. To display item feedback in the quiz results page, click the Show item feedback checkbox.
If the Show student response option is enabled, you can display to students if their response was correct or incorrect by clicking the Indicate response as correct/incorrect checkbox.
If the Indicate response as correct/incorrect option is enabled, you can indicate correct answers when incorrect responses were selected by clicking the Show correct answer with incorrect response checkbox.How do I audit an assessment in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open Speedgrader from the assignment or from the Gradebook.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Note: If the assignment was set to hide student names, or student names were hidden in SpeedGrader settings, the student list displays all student names as anonymous. In anonymous grading, the student list order does not match the order in the Gradebook and is randomized for each assignment.
View Assessment Audit
SpeedGrader toolbar icons will appear differently depending on the version of the Gradebook you are using.
Confirm that the assignment grades have been posted. Then click the Assessment audit link.
Notes: 
The Assessment Audit link only displays once assignment grades have been posted.
Moderated assignments cannot post grades to the New Gradebook until final grades have been posted.
View Submission Details
The Assessment Audit tray displays details about the submission, including the final grade and a timestamp of when the submission was graded.
The tray displays a timestamp showing when grades for a non-moderated assignment were posted to the Gradebook. If an assignment is moderated, the tray displays the time the grade was posted to the student.
View Anonymity Status
The sidebar also displays the anonymity status of the assignment. 
If the entire assignment was graded anonymously, the sidebar displays the Anonymous On status. 
If the assignment was only moderated and was not graded anonymously, the sidebar displays the Anonymous Off status.
View Partially Anonymous Assignment
If anonymity was turned off during the grading process, the anonymity status displays as Partially Anonymous. Partially anonymous means that anonymity was turned off and back on for any of the three levels of anonymity during the grading process—student anonymity, grader-to-grader anonymity, or grader-to-final grader anonymity.
Additionally, if a grader updated the assignment at any time, the name of the grader displays an alert icon, and the audit trail displays the modified actions.
View Grader Details
If there is more than one grader for the assignment, each grader will display in the sidebar. 
To view the audit trail for a user, click the arrow icon next to the user's name. 
View Event List
The event list displays the start date and time of the audit trail and a list of events the user took while interacting with the submission. 
The event list may include events related to the following:
Assignment created or updated
Submission created or updated
Anonymity status changed
Grades posted or hidden
Muted status changed
DocViewer annotations and comments created
Submission comments createdHow do I use the Learning Mastery Gradebook to view outcome results in a course from the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Learning Mastery Gradebook
Click the Gradebook menu, then click the Learning Mastery Gradebook link.
View Learning Mastery Gradebook
The Learning Mastery Gradebook is organized like the assignments gradebook with the student names and sections on the left. Similar to the assignments gradebook, you can click a student's name to link to their Grades page. Each column consists of a course outcome and the outcome grade for each student. Also like the assignments gradebook, the columns can be sorted, resized, and reordered. Click an outcome column heading to sort the outcome by student name.
The Learning Mastery Gradebook also contains a sidebar that shows the outcome levels for the course. The sidebar can be minimized and expanded by toggling the gray arrow icon at the top of the sidebar. You can filter outcomes or students that have no outcome results. You can also export a report of student outcomes.
The Learning Mastery Gradebook displays 20 students per page. Use the numbered page navigation buttons to view additional students on other pages.
Note:The Hide outcomes and Hide students filters persist for the course while using the same web browser.
Switch to Individual Gradebook
The Gradebook has two views. The Learning Mastery Gradebook allows you to see all students and outcomes at the same time. The Individual Gradebook allows instructors to assess one student and one outcome at a time and is fully accessible for screen readers. Both views retain the same Gradebook settings. You can switch Gradebook views at any time. 
Learn more about the Learning Mastery Gradebook Individual View.
View Student Scores
Individual student scores within each outcome are based on outcome values. The first number indicates the score the student earned. The second number indicates the mastery threshold, which is the minimum the students need to achieve mastery for the outcome. For instance, if a student earns a score of 5/3, the student has earned 2 points above the base mastery threshold of 3 points. If a student achieves a score of 2/3, the student has not achieved enough points to reach the mastery threshold.
Note: To view scores of inactive or concluded enrollments or unassessed student scores, click the Options icon in the Students column. 
View Outcome Details
Hover over the outcome title to view a breakdown of a specific outcome. The circle graph shows how the individual student scores were divided into the outcomes criterion ratings. 
View Course Mastery Levels
Scores are color-coded to show outcomes and the level attained by each student: exceeds mastery (dark green) meets mastery (light green), near mastery (yellow), and well below mastery (red). Toggle the boxes in the sidebar to filter scores for a specific level.
Score levels are calculated based on half of the outcome mastery threshold. For example, if the mastery threshold is 3 points, half of 3 is 1.5. Scores between 1.6 and 2.9 are counted near mastery, while scores less than 1.5 are considered remedial. Therefore, a student score of 2/3 would be above 1.5 and count as near mastery.
View Course Statistics
Outcome statistics for the entire course or a course section can be viewed according to course average, course median, or course mode. Select the preferred statistic from the drop-down menu next to the score indicator for each outcome. 
The course average is calculated by adding all the earned scores then dividing the total of the mastery scores. The course mode is calculated by finding the score that occurs most often. The course median is calculated by sorting the scores in ascending order, then finding the middle score. These course statistics also display color-coded level results based on the outcome results.
Note: If an outcome is aligned to multiple items, the gradebook statistics will always generate from the student’s highest outcome score within that course.
Export Report
Click the All Sections drop-down menu to view by section. Click the Export report link to download a CSV file of the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
View Report
The student learning outcomes report will include the following columns in the CSV file:
Student Name
Student ID
Student SIS ID
[Outcome] result
[Outcome] mastery points 
Note: All learning outcomes in the Learning Mastery Gradebook will be included in the report. 
Student View
On the Student Grades page, you can choose to let each student see his or her outcome scores by clicking the Learning Mastery tab. Students can view the outcomes and expand them to view individual outcome items. 
To show students their outcome scores, visit Course Settings and open the Feature Options tab. Then enable the Student Learning Mastery Gradebook feature option. 
Note: Outcome names are the same as in the Learning Mastery Gradebook unless you create a custom name for the student view. Learn to create custom Outcome names.How do I manage notifications for a single course as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Notifications link.
Open Course Notification Settings
You can manage notification settings for your Canvas account and/or for individual courses. 
To manage notification settings for an individual course, click the Settings for drop-down menu. Then click the course name.
Open Notifications from Course Home Page
Alternatively, you can access course notifications from the Course Home Page by clicking the View Course Notifications button. 
Manage Notification Settings
A banner displays stating course-level notification settings apply override any account-level notifications you may have set. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon. 
A banner displays noting when daily and weekly messages are delivered. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon.
To enable or disable all notifications for the course, click the Enable Notifications toggle.
View the course-level notification types and your listed contact methods.
Each notification has a default delivery frequency setting. To view the current notification delivery frequency for a notification type and contact method, hover over the notification icon.
Manage Individual Notifications
To manage notification frequency for a course notification, locate the notification and contact method. Then click the notification icon. You can select one of four delivery frequency types: 
Notify immediately: receive these notifications right away for this course. These notifications may be delayed by up to one hour in case an instructor makes additional changes, which prevents you from being spammed by multiple notifications in a short amount of time. 
Daily summary: receive a daily summary for this notification type. 
Weekly summary: receive a weekly summary for this notification type. 
Notifications off: no notifications sent for this notification type. 
View Course Notifications Status
On the course home page, the View Course Notifications button icon displays if course notifications are enabled or disabled.How do I create rules for an assignment group as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Edit Assignment Group
Click the Assignment Group Options drop-down menu. Click the Edit link. 
Create Rules
For each Assignment Group, you can create one of three grading rules:
Drop (ignore) the lowest x scores for each student.
Drop (ignore) the highest x scores for each student.
Never drop a specific assignment.
Drop Lowest Score
To drop a certain number of lowest scores, enter the number in the Lowest Scores field. You can use the arrows to adjust the number. 
Drop Highest Score
To drop a certain number of highest scores, enter the number in the Highest Scores field. You can use the arrows to adjust the number. 
Never Drop Assignment
To tell Canvas to never drop a certain assignment, click the Add an assignment link.
Select Assignment
In the Assignment drop-down menu, select the name of the assignment in the Assignment Group that should never be dropped.
To select another assignment, click the Add another assignment link.
Save Rules
When you are finished adding rules, click the Save button.
View Assignment Group Rules
In the Assignment Group toolbar, Canvas will show the number of rules assigned to the group. Hover over the link to view the rules.Once I publish a quiz, how can I give my students extra attempts
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Add Extra Attempt through Student Quiz Results
To add an extra attempt for an individual student, click the Options icon, then select the Show Student Quiz Results link.
Select Student
Under the heading Students who have taken the quiz, click the name of the student.
Note: To give an extra attempt to students who have not taken the quiz, you need to add an attempt by moderating the quiz.
Allow this Student an Extra Attempt
Click the Allow this student an extra attempt button. The student will automatically receive an extra attempt for the quiz.
Note: Quiz availability dates still apply when moderating a quiz. If the Until date passes before a student completes their extra attempt, any in-progress quizzes auto-submit and the quiz closes, even if the student's attempt has not expired.
Add Extra Attempt through Moderate This Quiz
To add attempts for one or more students, click the Moderate This Quiz link.
Moderate Quiz
To moderate a quiz for one student, locate the student and click the Edit icon. You can also filter students in your course by using the Search People field.
Type the number of extra attempts you'd like to give to the student in the Extra Attempts field. 
If your quiz is locked because of availability dates, you need to unlock the quiz for the student by clicking the manually unlock the quiz for the next attempt checkbox and update the availability dates for the individual student or the entire class.
Notes: 
The Extra Attempts field only displays for quizzes that have set the number of attempts allowed for students.
If a quiz requires an access code, students will still need to enter that code to begin their quiz attempt after it has been manually unlocked.
Quiz availability dates still apply when moderating a quiz. If the Until date passes before a student completes their extra attempt, any in-progress quizzes auto-submit and the quiz closes, even if the student's attempt has not expired.
Adjust Additional Options
Depending on your quiz settings, the student extension box may contain additional options.
If the quiz has a time limit and you want to give more time, type the number of extra minutes in the Extra Time on Every Attempt field. If the student hasn't taken the quiz, the extra time will be added to the student's initial attempt and additional attempts. Learn more about managing extra time in timed quizzes.
If the quiz is saved with the Only Once After Each Attempt option, you can let the student see the quiz results one more time. Results include both their responses and the correct answers. Once the student has viewed the quiz results, the results view extension will be reset and the results will be hidden again. Learn more about limiting quiz results.
Note: If the Only Once option is selected and students have also been granted an extra attempt on the quiz, students will be able to view the results before they take the quiz, as well as after they complete the quiz. If students are allowed multiple attempts on a quiz, you may want to edit the quiz and select the Allow Multiple Attempts option, which gives an option to let students see their quiz responses only after the last attempt. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Moderate Quiz For Multiple Students
If you want to select multiple students, click the checkbox next to each of their names. If you want to select all students, click the top checkbox. Click Change Extensions for [#] Selected Students button.
Complete the extensions for the students you selected. Remember, depending on your quiz settings, additional quiz options may display for all selected students.
When you are finished, click the Save button.How can I require students to reply to a course discussion before they see other replies
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Enter Discussion Details
Enter a topic title and discussion details. 
Select Discussion Options
Select the Users must post before seeing replies checkbox.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button. 
Student View Discussion
Students will see a 'Replies are only visible to those who have posted at least one reply' message when they view the Discussion topic.
In Discussions Redesign, students will see a 'You must post before seeing replies' message when they view the Discussion topic.
Note: Sometimes students will work around this requirement by deleting their posts. You can change your course settings to keep students from deleting their posts.Using the Canvas Missing Submission Policy
Missing Submission Policy Settings
Missing Submission policy settings are managed from the Gradebook settings.
Open Gradebook
In the Course Navigation menu, click the Grades link. 
Open Gradebook Settings
In the Gradebook, click the Settings icon.
Enable Missing Submission Policy
To enable the Missing Submission policy and automatically apply a grade to missing submissions, click the Automatically apply grade for missing submissions checkbox.
If scores are being applied automatically, but they appear to be incorrect, review the Grade Percentage for missing submissions field. The percentage entered in this field represents the total grade that students will receive when they have a missing submission. 
If you want your students to receive a 0 when they miss a submission, enter 0 (zero) in the percentage field.
Review Assignment Due Dates and Submission Type
If your Missing Submission policy is not correctly applying to an assignment, your submission type or due dates may be incorrect. The Missing Submission policy only applies to assignments using the Online submission type and that have a due date in the past.
Open Assignments
Open Assignment
Click the title of the assignment that isn't displaying the Missing Submission policy correctly.
Confirm Assignment Due Dates
Confirm that the due date is correct. If not, you can edit the due date for the assignment.
Confirm Submission Type
Confirm that the Online submission type is selected for the assignment. This is the only submission type that works with the automatic Missing Submission policy. If the assignment submission type is not set to Online, you can edit the submission type. You must manually apply the Missing label for missing assignments with other submission types. How do I add new people to an existing conversation as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
In the Inbox filter, select an existing conversation.
Reply to Conversation
Locate the message thread and click the Reply icon.
Add Recipients
Start to type a name in the text field, or click the Address Book icon to filter by users or course groups.
Use Address Book
Locate the individual and select his or her name. Names are sorted by last name.
To navigate back to the address book, click the Address Book button.
To exit the course roster menu, press Return (on a MAC keyboard) or Enter (on a PC keyboard).
Verify Recipient
Verify you added the correct person.
Send Message
Enter a reply in the text field. Then click the Send button.
View Message
The link will update the total number of people involved in the conversation. 
Newly added participants will be able to read and comment on the entire conversation, even the messages that were posted before they were added.How do I create a True or False question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add True or False Question
Click the Add True or False button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Select Correct Answer
To select the correct answer for the question, click the button next to the True or False option.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.How do I create hyperlinks to user or group files in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a hyperlink to a user or group content item, select the text for your hyperlink.
If you want to insert a link to a document and display the name of the file, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear. This method only applies when inserting a user or group document and will not work for images or multimedia files.
Open User Links
To link to an image, media, or document in your User Files, click either the Images icon, Record/Upload Media icon, or the Documents icon and select the User option for the desired file type. The option name will display as User Images, User Media, or User Documents.
Note: To view these icons, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Group Links
If creating a link within a group, you can link to group files by clicking the Link Options arrow and selecting the Group Links option. 
Notes: 
If creating a link within a group, you can link to group file types. The option name displays as Group Images, Group Media, or Group Documents.
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Insert Menu
In the menubar, click the Insert link. You can navigate to view the Link, Image, Media, and Document options.
View and Sort Files
By default, the Add menu displays all files in your selected file source. 
To sort the displayed files by image, document, or media file type, click the Type drop-down menu. 
To sort the displayed files by date added, date published, or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
To search for a file, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Select File
Click the name of the file you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: The text will flash before turning into a hyperlink.
View Link
View the link displaying the hyperlinked text or the name of the file.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content. To view the linked file, click the link.
To download the file, click the Download icon.
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon. How do I view my recent page view history in Canvas as a student
Open History
In Global Navigation, click the History link. 
View Recent History
Recent History displays a list of course content and content areas you have viewed within the last three weeks. Page views are listed in chronological order with the most recent page view listed first. List items display the following information:
Activity Icon: the Canvas feature or course activity type
Course Link: the name of the course content area or content item name
Course Name: the name of the course in which you viewed the item; if set, the course nickname displays.
Viewed Date: the date and time when you viewed the page; if the page view occurred within the last 24 hours, a time stamp of [n] hours ago displays
View Recent History Icons
The following icons display in Recent History: 
Home: viewed a course home page
Announcements: viewed a course or group Announcements page or a course or group announcement
Assignments: viewed a course Assignments Index page or an assignment
Pages/Collaborations: viewed a course or group Pages Index page, Collaborations page, course or group page, or course or group collaboration
Conferences: viewed a course or group Conferences page
Discussions: viewed a coure or group Discussions page or a course or group discussion
Files: viewed a course, group, or user Files page or a course, group, or user file
Grades: viewed a course grades page
Modules: viewed a course Modules page
Outcomes: viewed a course Outcomes page
People: viewed a course People page
Quizzes: viewed a course Quizzes page or a quiz
External Tools (LTI): viewed an external tool from Course Navigation or opened an LTI in the courseOpen Course Settings
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Set Course Time Zone
In the Time Zone drop-down menu, select a new time zone for your course.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.
View Course Time Zone
View the time zone for your course.How do I privately respond to one individual in a group message as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Locate Message
Locate the individual you want to send a private message to. Hover your mouse under the timestamp until you see the Reply icon.
Compose a Message
Type a message in the message field. When you are finished, click the Send button. 
The message will send to the person in the To field and not to everyone else. If you want to reply to everyone, click the settings icon and select reply-all. Or use the reply-all button in the toolbar.How do I edit a user's name, time zone, or email in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Edit User Details
Click the Edit link. 
Update Details
Here you can edit the user's details, but the user can change it back if they choose. The details you can edit here are:
Full Name is used for grading, SIS imports, and other administrative items.
Display Name is what other users will see in Announcements, Conversations, Conferences, and Discussions.. The user can set his or her own display name if the setting is enabled.
Sortable Name is the user's last name, first name default and it can be edited. This appears in sorted lists and admins can search for it.
Time Zone can be set to where the user or institution is located.
Default Email is the user's contact method.
When you are done, click the Update Details button.How do I enable the New Analytics Online Attendance report in an account as an admin
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
Click the View App Configurations button.
Open App Settings
In the External Apps list, locate the New Analytics app. Click the Settings button and select the Configure option.
Configure Online Attendance Report
The Online Attendance settings display in the page.
To enable the Online Attendance report, click the Enable Online Attendance Dashboard button. 
To allow instructors to set attendance criteria at the course level, click the Allow instructors to set Online Attendance Criteria at the course level button. Additionally, the teacher role must have the Manage LTI permission enabled. 
To select the criteria that determine online attendance, click the Attendance Criteria checkboxes. You can select the following criteria:
Course Access: student views a page in a course
Posts: student posts a new comment to an announcement or a discussion
Assignments: student submits an assignment
Collaborations: student loads a collaboration to view/edit document
Conferences: student joins a web conference
Pages: student creates a page
Quizzes: student starts taking a quiz or submits a quiz
If a student meets the requirements of any selected criteria, they will be marked as present for that day in the Online Attendance report.
To save your Online Attendance settings, click the Save Settings button. To close the settings window without saving, click the Close button.
Notes:
The Conferences criteria only applies to BigBlueButton conferences.
The Quizzes criteria only applies to Classic Quizzes.How do I use the HTML view in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open HTML Editor
Click the HTML Editor icon.
Note: When in HTML view, you can click the HTML Editor icon to return to the Rich Content Editor.
Edit HTML Content
The HTML editor displays the pretty HTML editor by default. The pretty HTML editor displays line numbers and syntax highlighting.
Enter content in the HTML editor or edit existing content using HTML.
View Raw HTML Editor
To switch to the Raw HTML Editor and edit your HTML in plain text, click the Switch to raw HTML Editor button.
Edit Raw HTML
Edit your HTML in plain text without line numbers or syntax highlighting. To switch back to the Pretty HTML Editor, click the Switch to pretty HTML Editor button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.What are grading schemes
Common Grading Schemes
Grading schemes are built based on percentage ranges, and each percentage range is assigned a name value. You can create any type of grading scheme by editing the name and percentage range for each item.Notes about Grading Schemes:
Grading schemes only support two decimal places.
The only scores allowed in the Gradebook are those defined in the grading scheme.
Gradebook entries that are not specifically defined in the grading scheme display a dash.
A grading scheme in use can be archived and then restored to an active state.
An archived grading scheme cannot be leveraged in the future by a course or assignment unless the scheme is restored.
The default Canvas grading scheme cannot be archived.
When copying or exporting a course, archived default grading schemes are not copied or exported.
Editing the name and description of grading schemes currently in use does not allow edits to percentages or points in the grading scheme.
A grading scheme established at the course level cannot be deleted, archived, or edited at the account level.
A grading scheme created at the account level cannot be deleted, archived, or edited at the course level.
Letter Grades
Letter Grades is the most traditional type of grading scheme and is the default format for new grading schemes. Remember, only supported scores are allowed in the Gradebook, so if you build a letter grade scheme with name values for only A, B, and C, you cannot enter a score that converts to an A- or B+.
In the Gradebook, scores are inputted by point value, percentage, or letter grade. For instance, if an assignment is worth 10 points and the student earns 9, you can input 9 or 90% (which will display as an A- as defined in the percentage range). You can also input an A- directly. 
GPA Scale
GPA Scale Grading is designed for schools that use a 4.0 scale (or 5.0/6.0). GPA Scale calculations may vary by institution. This scheme is similar to the Letter Grade scheme, but letter grades can also be used. Remember, only supported scores are allowed in the Gradebook, so if you build a GPA scheme with name values for only 4.0 and 3.9, you cannot enter a score of 3.95.
In the Gradebook, scores are inputted by percentage or GPA value. For instance, if an assignment is worth 10 points and the student earns 9, you can input 90% (which will display as a 3.7 as defined in the percentage range). You can also input 3.7 directly. Inputting a 9 will not work.
Performance
Performance grading schemes are based on a standard of individual performance. Remember, only supported scores are allowed in the Gradebook, so if you build a performance scheme with the name values of only Excellent and Poor, you cannot enter a score of Good. 
In the Gradebook, scores are inputted by points, percentage, or performance value. For instance, if an assignment is worth 10 points and the student earns 9, you can input 9 or 90% (which will display as Excellent as defined in the percentage range). You can also input Excellent directly. How do I record the last day a user attended a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, enter the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
View Memberships
Locate the Membership Section in the user details page.
If your institution has enabled Profiles, the Membership Section displays directly in the page.
View More User Details
If Profiles is not enabled for your institution, you can view the Membership Section by clicking the more user details link.
Enter Last Date Attended
Click the Last Day Attended field and click the last day the student attended in the calendar. 
You can also type a date directly in the text field.
View Last Date Attended
View the last attended date in the text field.How do I access the Canvas test environment as an admin
Access Your Test Environment
To log into your test environment, type [organization name].test.instructure.com into the URL field. 
View Test Installation Message
Users in the test environment will see the Test Installation bar across the bottom of the screen indicating the user is in a Canvas Test Installation. Test environments are reset every month after the production release, and any changes you make in your test environment will be reset. If you want to save any course content created in your test environment, you can export your course. 
Note: To hide the Test Installation bar, click the close icon.
Manage Canvas Features
Some new features may be released as opt-in only and will not appear until you enable them in your test environment. You can view these features by clicking the Settings link and clicking the Feature Options tab.How do I view statistics for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Statistics
In Account Navigation, click the Statistics link.
View General Numbers
In the Statistics page, you can view general information about your account. 
Generated shows when the data was last generated for your account. Data cannot be generated manually. 
Courses indicates the number of courses that are published in the account. 
Teachers indicates how many unique teachers have had activity within Canvas in the last 30 days. If one user is a teacher in five courses, the statistic will only count one teacher. 
Students indicates the same statistics as teachers, but relates to students. 
Users includes the total number of teachers, students, observers, designers, and TAs who have logged in during the last 30 days. This number does not include test students generated through Student View. 
Uploaded File Storage indicates the amount of files stored and the number of files in all courses for the entire account. Deleted files are not included. To learn about specific file quota details, view the Course Files Quota resource document. The file storage limit is calculated with the number of full-time enrollments (FTE) in your institution (default is 500 MB/FTE). To calculate the amount of file storage used in your account, convert the Uploaded file storage number shown to MB (e.g. 1.88 GB is 1880 MB). Then take the number of full-time enrollments and multiply the MB per enrollment (e.g. 3,000 FTE x 500 MB). If the converted number is lower than the multiplied number, your institution is within your file storage limit. If the number is higher, contact your Customer Success Manager for additional storage options. You can also change the quota for all course or specific courses. 
Media File Storage indicates the amount of media objects uploaded to active courses, such as video, audio, and music files. Media created in the Rich Content Editor are not part of media file storage.
General numbers show the current statistics in the course; to view how a statistic has evolved over time, click the over time link. 
View Statistics Over Time
The statistics over time graphs show how specific data has evolved since your account was created. You can move your cursor over the data graph to view data for a specific date. You can also download the data by clicking the Download CSV link.
View Course Statistics
You can view recently started courses and recently ended courses in your account. To view a course, click the name of the course.
View Users
You can also view a list of users who have recently logged in to your account. To view details about a user, click the name of the user.
View Account Analytics
To view account analytics, click the View Analytics button.How do I change discussion settings to manually mark discussion replies as read as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Settings
Click the Settings icon.
Manually Mark Replies as Read
Click the Manually Mark Replies as Read checkbox.
Note: Selecting this option will require you to manually mark replies as read for all of your courses.
Save Settings
Click the Save Settings button.How do I regrade a True or False quiz question as an instructor
Open Quizzes
To regrade a quiz, in Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Edit Quiz
Find the quiz you want to regrade and click the Options icon, then click the Edit button.
Open Questions Tab
Click the Questions tab.
You can regrade:
Multiple Choice Questions
True/False Questions
Multiple Answers Questions
Edit True/False Question
Locate the true/false question in the quiz. Hover over the question until the edit icon appears. Click the Edit icon.
Select New Correct Answer
Hover over the answer you want to select as the new correct answer until a green ghost arrow appears. Click the green arrow to select the new answer as the correct answer.
Select Regrade Option
Canvas recognizes you have changed the correct answer for this question. In the regrade options dialog box, select a regrade option by clicking the radio button next to the option you want to apply to this quiz question.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Save Quiz
When you've finished editing your quiz, click the Save button. 
Note: Regrade options will not apply until you have re-saved the quiz. 
Save It Now
If you exit the quiz without saving, Canvas asks you to save your changes when you return to the quiz. To update your changes, click the Save It Now button. 
For help viewing or reverting grade changes in the Gradebook, visit the grading history lesson. 
Student View
When students view their quiz results, they see a notification if their quiz has been affected. The attempt history also reflects the regraded score. How do I embed a video in a page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you want to view.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Open Insert Media Tool
Click the Media icon. You can upload and embed media files from your computer or Canvas. 
Notes: 
Media will be inserted at the location of your cursor in the Rich Content Editor.
You can also upload and embed media files from external sources or YouTube.
Save Page
Click the Save button.
View Page
View the video embedded into your page. How do I view Course Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Course Analytics
Click the View Course Analytics button.
View Analytics Graphs
By default, analytics are shown in a graph format. There are three types of graphs: Activity by Date, Submissions, and Grades.
View Activity by Date
The Activity by Date graph shows all course activity for all users in the course. The x-axis represents the course dates, while the y-axis represents the number of page views. Dark blue bars represent participation in the course. If a date only includes page views, the bar only displays as light blue.
The graph changes the bar display according to the length of time. Activity that is less than six months old displays bars as daily activity, at six months bars are displayed as weekly activity, and at approximately a year bars are displayed as monthly activity. Browser window size, zoom level, and screen resolution may also change how the bars display.
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. The weekly view shows the first and last date for the week; the monthly view shows the month and the year.
The following user actions will generate analytics course participation:
Announcements: posts an announcement (instructor)
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Assignments: updates an assignment's settings or description (instructor)
Assignments: submits an assignment (student)
Calendar: updates a calendar event's settings or description (instructor)
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Pages: creates a wiki page
Quizzes: submits a quiz (student)
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz (student)
View Submissions
The Submissions Graph shows the status of each assignment in the course. The x-axis represents the assignments, while the y-axis represents the percentage of submissions for all students in the course. 
The green rounded shape at the bottom of the bar indicates how many students submitted the assignment on time. The yellow straight-edge shape indicates how many students submitted the assignment late/past due. The red rounded shape at the top of the bar indicates how many students have not submitted the assignment.
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. The details include the assignment title, the due date (if any), and the percentage of late, on time, and missing submissions. 
Note: The bars will only extend to the edge of the dates available for the course, even if there is an assignment or quiz that extends beyond the course start and end dates. The graph will include a note graph explaining there are assignments outside of the course dates.
View Grades
The Grades graph shows the median, high, and low scores for an assignment. The x-axis represents each assignment, while the y-axis represents the number of points for an assignment. The vertical blue line extends from the lowest score to the highest score. The blue box extends from the 25th to 75th percentile. The horizontal black line shows the median score for the assignment. Gray lines indicate hidden assignments.
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. 
View Analytics Tables
To view analytics without hovering over graph columns, you can view all data in a table format. To switch to the table format, click the Analytics icon. The icon will switch from the left side to the right, indicating the current analytics view. 
View Table Data
Tables apply to every graph in its respective page, and each column defines the data within its respective graph. Graphical data is displayed by column. 
Each table is paginated to 30 entries per page; additional pages can be viewed by advancing to the next page.
View Student Analytics
Student Analytics are always shown in a table format and displays an overview of student participation in the course.
You can view the student name, page views, participations, and submissions. 
The Submissions column shows how many published and graded assignments each student has submitted in the course. Submissions are broken down according to how many submissions were on time, late, and missing. Note that an assignment only counts as missing if the due date has passed and it has not been submitted. 
You can also view a student's current score percentage, which is their total score in the course.
The analytics table is paginated so you can view more students if you continue to scroll down the page.
Sort Student Analytics
You can sort student analytics in ascending or descending order by student name, page views, participations, and current score. These filters allow you to evaluate student performance according to your preference.
View Student Analytics
To view analytics for a specific student, click the name of the student.How do I set a different event date for each section in a course calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Click the Add icon.
View More Options
Add a title and location for the event. The date and time fields are automatically populated based on the current date but do not need to be removed. 
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the course calendar for the event. 
To add different dates for each section, click the More Options button.
Use a Different Date
Click the Use a different date for each section checkbox.
Set Section Dates
The default date is removed and replaced with all the sections in your course. 
For each section, type in a date, or select a date by clicking the Calendar icon, and specify the start and end time. If you don't want one section to see the event, leave the date and time fields blank.
Note: When the Use a different date for each section checkbox is selected, the Frequency drop-down menu is removed.
Create Event
Click the Create Event button.
View Events
View the events in your course calendar. Each section will have a separate Calendar event.
Notes: 
Events that include a conferencing link in the description or location field display a Join button on students' List View Dashboard.
You cannot edit the Location field when editing separate events. The Location field can only be edited by editing the main calendar event.Download Folder
Download Folder
Click the line item for the folder. Click the Download icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Download link. 
View Download Progress
Monitor the progress of your download.
Open ZIP File
Your ZIP file will download to your desktop. Open the appropriate folder to view the file. To open the file, either double click to open it (MAC users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users).How do I view Announcements as an observer
Open Announcements from Course Card Dashboard
If there are announcements in a course, you can quickly access the course announcements page from your Canvas dashboard. On the course card, click the Announcements icon. 
View Recent Announcements on Course Home Page
If enabled by the course instructor, the course home page may display recent announcements. To view an announcement, click the announcement.
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
View Announcements
On the Announcements page, you can view all the announcements in a course. Announcements are listed in reverse chronological order where newest announcements display first and older announcements display towards the bottom.
Each announcement displays a title, the picture of the user who posted the announcement, an unread indicator near unread announcements, the announcement post date, and the number of unread/total replies in the announcement.
To mark all announcements as read, click the Mark all as read button.
Note: If an announcement shows the letter U in place of a profile picture, the announcement was imported or copied from another course in Canvas. Additionally, copied announcements do not include a posted date and time.
Filter Announcements
To filter the announcement list to display all or only unread announcements, click to select an option in the Filter by drop-down menu. To search for an announcement according to its title, enter keywords in the Search field.
View External Feeds
To view all External Feeds and subscribe to the RSS feed, click the External feeds link.
View Announcement
To view an announcement, click the announcement title.How do I view a thread in Announcements Redesign as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
View Threaded Replies
If course users have replied to an announcement reply, you can view the reply thread by clicking # of replies link.
The Thread sidebar displays threaded replies including the name of the user who posted the reply and the date and time the reply was posted. 
Quote Threaded Reply
To reply to a thread, click the Reply link. 
To create a reply that includes quoted text from a threaded reply, click the reply's Quote link. 
Post a Message
To enter your reply, links, photos, equations, and/or media, or @mention course users, use the Rich Content Editor.
If you chose to quote a threaded reply, the Include quoted reply in message toggle displays and is enabled by default. To exclude quoted text from your response, disable quoting by deselecting the Include quoted reply in message toggle. 
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Your Reply
To view your reply, click the # of replies link.
Your reply displays in the Thread sidebar. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, or return to the topic.How do I add an external RSS feed to an announcement as a student
Open Announcements
Open a group in which you are a member. Then, in Group Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open External Feeds
Click the External Feeds link. 
Add External Feed
Click the Add External Feed link.
Enter Feed URL
In the Feed URL field, paste the feed URL. All new entries from that RSS feed will be added to Announcements.
Select Content to Post
You can select the content that users can view in Announcements. 
To view the entire article, click the Full article option. 
To view a shortened version of the article, click the Truncated option. 
To view a link to the selected article, click the Link option. 
You can also choose to add only posts with a specific phrase in the title. Click the Only add posts with a specific phrase in the title checkbox, and type key words or phrases in the text box.
Add Feed
Click the Add Feed button.
View External Feeds
View the external feed in the feed list. If you want to delete the external feed, click the Remove icon.
Note: You will have to wait until a new post is published in the external RSS feed before you can see it in the Announcement feed.How do I grade quiz questions in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click Quizzes.
Open SpeedGrader
In the Quizzes page, click the Options icon of the quiz you want to grade. Then click the SpeedGrader link. 
View Question
To view a question, scroll down the quiz to locate the quiz question you want to view. 
If a question needs to be manually graded, you can click the question number directly within the notification window. 
Assign Score
In the points field, enter the score for the question.
Assign Grade
You may also enter fudge points to adjust a student's score for the entire quiz. To assign a quiz score, click the Update Scores button.How do I apply a Late Submission policy in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Gradebook Settings
Click the Settings icon.
View Late Policies
In Gradebook Settings, view the Late Policies tab.
Apply Late Submission Policy
Click the Automatically apply deduction to late submissions checkbox. 
Note: Selecting this checkbox will automatically apply the deduction you set for any late submissions in the course that have previously been graded as well as apply to future late submissions you grade.
Set Deduction
To set the percentage you want late submissions to be deducted, set a percentage in the Late Submission Deduction field. Then set the interval for which you would like Canvas to deduct points in the Deduction Interval drop-down menu. Available interval options are Day or Hour.
Set Lowest Possible Grade
To manage the lowest possible grade threshold for the late policy, enter a percentage in the Lowest possible grade field. The lowest possible grade percentage is the lowest score a student can receive when late policy deductions are applied to grades entered above that percentage. Any grade awarded equal to or below that percentage will not receive late policy deductions.
Apply Settings
Click the Apply Settings button. 
View Grades
View the affected grades in the Gradebook.
View Grade Detail Tray
In the Grade Detail Tray, you can view details about the student's grade and adjust settings on each student's individual submission. 
In the Grade info section, you can view or edit the grade you awarded the student for their submission, the late penalty deduction, and the student's final grade on the assignment.
In the Status section, you can view how many days late the student submitted the assignment and adjust the amount of days late in the interval field. You can also manually change the submission to a status other than Late, but changing the status will remove any late penalties that had been automatically applied to the student's submission.
View Late Policy Warning
If you set a late policy, and then adjust any of the parameters, Canvas will display a warning to notify you that changing the late policy will affect previously graded submissions. To exclude a submission from the late penalty you will have to manually change a submission's status to something other than late in the Grade Detail Tray.How do I use the Course Activity Stream as a student
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Course Activity
In the Home Page sidebar, click the View Course Stream button.
Note: If your Course Home Page is already set to view the course stream, the View Course Stream link does not appear in the course sidebar.
View Course Activity
The Course Activity Stream contains recent notifications in the course, including announcements, discussions, assignments, and conversations. This activity stream helps you see all recent activity in your course and easily ask questions and post to discussion forums. Unlike course cards on the Dashboard, the activity stream does not mimic visibility of Course Navigation links.
You can manage recent activity in a course the same way you can on the Dashboard. Activities are indicated by activity type and display an icon for the activity. New activity in your account is indicated by a blue dot. Discussions and Announcements indicate new activity items published in a course, and Conversations indicate a new message received from a user in a course. Recent Activity items remain for four weeks. 
Note: To receive notifications for Discussions, you must actively post in the discussions at least once every two weeks. If you stop participating in a discussion after two weeks, Canvas will no longer display discussion notifications. 
Expand and Collapse Notifications
You can view the details of each activity by hovering in the notification area and clicking the Show More link. To collapse recent activity, click the Show Less link.
Manage Recent Activity
You can directly access your recent activities by clicking the activity link. To remove a notification, click the remove icon.How do I create a Microsoft Office 365 collaboration as an instructor
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Add Collaboration
To add a collaboration, click the Start a new collaboration button.
Note: If you do not have any existing collaborations, this button will not display in the Collaborations page.
Select Office 365
In the Collaborate using drop-down menu, select the Office 365 option.
Log in to Office 365
You may be asked to authenticate your account. Click the Log In button. 
In an external window, enter your Office 365 email (or phone number) and password.
Select Type
In the Type drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can select Word, Excel, or PowerPoint.
Add Details
In the Document Name field, enter the name of your document.
In the Description field, enter a description for the collaboration.
Add People
The collaboration defaults to the People tab. If you want to collaborate with individual people in your course, click the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. The user's name will move to the right side of the window.
Add as many users as necessary.
Remove Collaborators
To remove a collaborator, click the name of the user. To remove all users, click the Remove All link.
Add Groups
You can also create collaborations with groups. To select an entire group, click the Groups tab. Select the group(s) you want to add to the collaboration.
Note: 
You can select individual users as well as a group in a collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration from within the group.
Save Collaboration
Click the Save button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.How do I move a student into a different group as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Move Student via Drag and Drop
Expand the group where you want to move the student. Click the student's name and drag it to another group. 
Move Student via Move To Option
You can also click the student name Options menu and select the Move To... link. 
Move Student
In the Move Student sidebar, click the Place drop-down menu. Select the group where you want to move the student.
Click the Move button.
View Groups
Verify the student has been moved to a different group.How do I add feedback to a question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Edit Question
Locate the question where you would like to add feedback. Click the Edit icon.
Open Feedback
Click the Feedback icon.
View Feedback
Student feedback can be customized to display feedback for correct answers or incorrect answers. You can also display the same feedback for all answers.
Add Feedback
To add feedback, use the Rich Content Editor to create customized feedback. Your feedback can include images, media, or links.
Save Feedback
To save your feedback, click the Done button.Viewing my courses in the Canvas Student app
View App Without Course Cards
If you have not selected any favorite courses, or if you have no active courses, your Canvas Student app dashboard may not display any course cards.
Open Courses List
In your Canvas browser, click the Global Navigation Courses link. Then click the All Courses link.
Select Favorite Courses
In the All Courses list, locate the course(s) you wish to view in your dashboard and click the Favorite icon next to the course.
View App with Course Cards
You can view your favorite active courses in the Canvas Student app.How do I view the sync history for a blueprint course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
To include only blueprint courses in your search results, click the Show only blueprint courses option. 
Open Course Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Sync History
In the Course Home Page, click the Blueprint sidebar tab, then click the Sync History link.
Note: You can access the Blueprint sidebar from any Course Navigation page.
View Sync History
The Sync History page shows information about the last five syncs to the blueprint course. The page displays the date and time of the sync, the number of changes, and the name of the user who synced the changes. 
If a message was included as part of the notification, the message is displayed above the list of synced changes.
For an initial course association, sync history displays the date and time the sync was made but does not display details related to the sync.
View Sync Details
The Sync History page shows the specific content that has been synced. Each content object shows the synced status of the object (locked or unlocked), the name of the content item, the content object type, the content change, and whether or not the sync was applied. 
Content changes can be created, updated, or deleted. Updated changes indicate any change to existing content.
View Sync Exceptions
The Sync History page may show items with a sync exception. Exceptions occur when content is not synced because the content was modified in an associated course before the blueprint course was synced.
An exception is noted by the Exception indicator, which includes the number of exceptions.
To view which course(s) had an exception, click the arrow icon next to the name of the content item. The term and name of the course is shown in the expanded details.
Close Sync History
When you are finished with the Sync History page, click the Done button.How do I manage feature options in my user account as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
View Feature Options
Available features will appear in the Feature Options section. 
 To view specific user-level feature options available in Canvas, visit the user account features lesson.
Filter Feature Options
To filter by all features, enabled features or disabled features, click the Filter drop-down menu. 
Search Feature Options
To search for a feature option, type a keyword in the Search field. 
View Types of Features
Each feature includes a feature description. To expand the feature box and display the description, click the arrow icon.
View Feature Tags
Feature tags help identify the state of each feature. A feature with no label means the feature is stable and ready for use in your production environment. Features may also include a beta tag, which means the feature is available for use in your production environment but is still being tested for usability and accessibility behavior. Enabling a beta feature may create unintended behavior within your Canvas account.
View Feature States
You can choose to enable or disable feature options.
To enable or disable a feature, click the feature's State icon. 
To turn the feature on, click the Enabled option. Enabled features display the Enabled icon.
To turn the feature off, click the Disabled option. Disabled features display the Disabled icon.How do I grade a media recording submission in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from the assignment.
Select Submission
Select the student whose submission you would like to view.
View Submission
View the submission. Depending on the submission type, you may need to click the link to view the full submission.
Grade Submission
To enter a grade for the submission, enter a grade in the Grade field.
If you added a rubric to the assignment, you can view the rubric by clicking the View Rubric button.How do I assign a graded discussion to a course group as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Enter Discussion Details
Enter a topic title and discussion details. 
Select Graded Discussion
Click the Graded checkbox.
Select Group Discussion
Click the This is a Group Discussion checkbox.
Select Group Set
Click the Group Set drop-down menu to select which groups will be assigned or create a new group category.
Note: Groups created by students cannot be used for Group Discussions and do not appear in the drop-down menu. 
Assign to Everyone
By default, Canvas will set your discussion for everyone in your course. This option means all users in the course regardless of section will be assigned the assignment. All students will still be assigned to a group based on the previously selected group set.
Assign to Group
To create the discussion for a specific group in the group set, click the Everyone remove icon, then start to type in the name of a group. Search fields are dynamic; when the group name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable. 
You can include more than one group in the To field, as long as they are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the discussion is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the discussion will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the discussion will no longer be available.
Note: Beneath the Due Date and Availability date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for a discussion, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add new Due and Availability Dates for other users in your course, click the Add Date button. 
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
Even when you aren't adding sections, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any other sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if everyone in the course or all course sections are assigned.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the assignment, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the assignment before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the graded discussion again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the graded discussion against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the discussion due date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Assignment Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the assignment.
View Dates in Discussions Redesign
To view due dates and availability dates for a discussion in Discussions Redesign, click the Show Due Dates link.
View the dates assigned to the graded discussion.How do I moderate a student's quiz attempt in New Quizzes as an instructor
Moderate Quiz
In New Quizzes, click the Moderate tab.
Open Moderation Settings
Find the student you want to moderate. Then click the Moderate button.
Reopen Quiz
To reopen the student's most recent quiz attempt, click the Reopen button.
Accept Message
A warning message displays to inform you that the student can resume their quiz attempt from its previous position. To accept and reopen the quiz, click the Reopen button.
Manage Attempts
The Moderate panel displays the number of allowed attempts per the assessment settings.
To give the student additional attempts for the quiz, type a number or use the arrow buttons in the Additional Attempts field.
Adjust Timer Settings
To adjust the timer settings for the student, select an option in the Time adjustmentsdrop-down menu.
Add Additional Time
To add additional time to the quiz attempt, select the Give additional time option. Then select the amount of time. Time units can be set to minutes or hours.
Remove Time Limit
To remove the time limit from the attempt, select the Remove time limit (unlimited) option.
View Timer Adjustments
View the moderation timer settings in the Accommodations column. This column displays the cumulative effect of course-level accommodations and moderation timer settings.
Manually Submit In-Progress Attempts
If students are currently taking a quiz, the Moderate page displays the number of in-progress attempts. To manually submit in-progress attempts, click the attempts link.
Submit Attempts
Students with in-progress quiz attempts display in the Students list. By default, you can manually submit quizzes for all students in the list. If you do not want to manually submit a student's quiz, deselect the checkbox for the student.
To manually submit the quiz for the selected students, click the Submit Manually button.How do I export a Canvas course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Export Course
Click the Export Course Content link.
Select Export Type
In the Export Type heading, click the Course radio button. Click the Create Export button.
Note: If you have previously exported the course, Canvas will display prior exports under the Content Exports heading.
View Export Process
View the progress bar. Exporting a course in Canvas may take a few minutes, depending on its size. You will receive an email when the export is complete.
Download New Export
When your download is ready, click the New Export link.
Note: Content exports expire after 30 days and can no longer be downloaded.How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions
Account
An Account represents an administrative organization unit within Canvas. Every instance of Canvas has the potential to contain a hierarchy of accounts but begins with just one account (referred to as the root account). An account can also contain a subaccount. Canvas admins can manage all accounts and subaccounts for their institutions.
Account also refers to a user account, which houses a user's profile, notifications, files, settings, and ePortfolios.
Act as User
Act as User refers to viewing Canvas as another user. Unless granted specific permission, only admins can act as other Canvas users.
Activity Stream
An Activity Stream displays all recent activity in Canvas. There are two types of Activity Streams in Canvas: Global and Course. The Global Activity Stream is part of the Dashboard and shows recent activity for all courses. The Course Activity Stream is part of a Course Home Page and shows recent activity for a specific course. 
Analytics
Analytics is a tool that can be used to evaluate individual components of a course as well as student performance. Canvas currently offers two options for Analytics: Classic Analytics and New Analytics.
Learn more about New Analytics and Classic Analytics.
Announcements
Announcements is a communication tool that allows instructors to post announcements for all users in a course. Announcements can be created in courses and groups. Canvas admins can also make announcements for an entire Canvas account. Instructors can allow students to reply to announcements. 
Learn more about Announcements.
Assignments
An assignment is any activity assessment that is created by the instructor. Assignments can include Assignments, Discussions, and Quizzes. Some assignments are submitted for no grade. Other assignments may be submitted offline but tracked in the Canvas Gradebook or be submitted online. 
Assignments is a link in Course Navigation. The Assignments page lists all assignment types in a course.
Learn more about Assignments.
Beta
Beta means a version of a product that is used for testing. Each Canvas account has a beta environment to use for exploring new features before they are released in the production environment. Canvas does not require customers to test products but feedback is always welcome.
Blueprint Course
A Blueprint Course is a course that serves as a template for other courses. A course is set as a Blueprint Course in Course Settings. Courses that are linked to the Blueprint Course are called associated courses. When a Blueprint Course is synced, Blueprint Course content is copied to associated courses to match the Blueprint Course content. A Blueprint Course can include admin and instructor enrollments but not student enrollments. A course can only be associated with one Blueprint Course at a time.
Breadcrumbs
Breadcrumbs are the trail at the top of a page window that helps users see what page they are viewing in the course hierarchy.
Calendar
The Calendar is a communication tool that shows users all events and assignments in their courses and groups. 
The Calendar is a link in Global Navigation. Learn more about the Calendar.
Canvas Community 
The Canvas Community is an external resource provided by Canvas for all Canvas customers. The Canvas Community includes the Canvas Guides, which provides all Canvas documentation and videos, idea conversations, community groups, and more. 
Celebrations
Celebrations are animations that display in the Canvas interface to congratulate a user for completing a task. Once they are enabled at the account level, celebration animations can be managed by individual users from the User Settings page.
Students can view celebration animations in the assignment submissions page for on-time submissions. Instructors can view celebration animations when they run the link validator and no invalid links are found.
Chat
The Chat tool provides synchronous video, audio, and text communication between students enrolled in a course. 
When added to a course, Chat is a link in Course Navigation. 
Collaborations
Collaborations is a tool that allows students and instructors to create and edit documents that can be edited by the entire course or any subset of the course roster.
Collaborations is a link in Course Navigation.
Conferences
Conferences allow instructors to create virtual classrooms and interact with their students in real time using audio, video, desktop sharing, and presentation tools. Students can also create conferences in groups. 
Conferences is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about Conferences.
Course Code
The course code is a short name for a course. The course code is displayed at the top of the Course Navigation Menu and as part of course cards in the dashboard.
The course code is also known as the reference code or the short name.
Courses
Courses are units of instruction in one subject that typically last one term. Courses can be created by Canvas admins or instructors.
Course Home Page
The Course Home Page is the first page that students see in a course. The Course Home Page can be customized to display content based on an instructor's preference.
The Home Page is a link in Course Navigation. 
Course Import Tool
The Course Import Tool allows content to be imported from existing Canvas courses and content packages from other LMS and textbook publishers. The Course Import Tool is located in Course Settings. 
Learn more about the Course Import Tool.
Course Navigation
Course Navigation is a menu on the left side of a Canvas course. Course Navigation consists of navigation links directed to all the feature areas within a course. Instructors can customize Course Navigation for each course.
Course Setup Checklist
The Course Setup Checklist is a tool for instructors who are new to Canvas and need help setting up a Canvas course. The Course Setup Checklist is located on the Course Home Page.
Some accounts may be configured to use the New User Tutorial instead of the Course Setup Checklist.
Course Statistics
Course Statistics are an instructor tool that summarizes overall student participation in the course. 
Course Status
Course Status refers to the state of a Canvas course. All new Canvas courses begin in an unpublished state, where admins can manage course enrollments and instructors can prepare content and assignments for students. A published state means the course is available to students. A concluded state means the course has ended and users can access content in a read-only format.
CSV File
A comma separated value (CSV) file is a file type designed for importing and exporting content. Instructors can create a CSV file from Excel or Google Docs.
Dashboard
The Dashboard is a panel of content that acts as the Canvas default landing page and provides an overview of all Canvas activity for a user. The Dashboard shows all courses and groups, recent activity, to-do items, upcoming assignments, and recent feedback.
Direct Share
Direct Share is a Canvas feature that allows instructors to copy content to another course or share content with another user. Direct Share can be used in Assignments, Discussions, Modules, Pages, Quizzes, and New Quizzes.
Discussions
Discussions is a forum designed to facilitiate informal communication between students in a course. Discussions can also be created as assignments for grading purposes. Students can also respond to informal and graded discussions in the context of a group. All Discussions content is public, and all course students can view and reply to a discussion. 
Discussions is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about Discussions.
DocViewer
Canvas DocViewer is a document preview tool that displays file previews for supported file types. Some file types may need to be downloaded for viewing if they cannot be previewed through DocViewer.
DocViewer also allows annotations in online assignment submissions in Canvas. This tool can be used by both students and instructors. Students can access DocViewer for annotations and comments in the assignment details page, and instructors can access DocViewer in SpeedGrader. 
ePortfolios
ePortfolios allow students to showcase their best work to colleagues and prospective employers. They also make it possible for students to create light-weight websites or presentations.
ePortfolios is a link in User Navigation. 
Equations
Equations are an expression of mathematical functions that can be entered and viewed in various areas of the Canvas interface. Equations can be added using the Math Editor in the New Rich Content Editor or MathQuil in New Quizzes. Equations are also accepted in other Canvas text fields, including assignment titles and calendar events.
Files
Canvas provides a file repository for each user, group, and course. Files can be public or private.
Files is a link in User Navigation or Course Navigation. Learn more about Files.
Free for Teacher
Free for Teacher is a free Canvas account that provides essential functionality of the learning management platform.
Learn more about Free-for-Teacher accounts.
Global Navigation
Global Navigation is the menu that appears on every Canvas page. Global Navigation consists of navigation links that direct users to frequently-used features in Canvas. 
In the New Canvas User Interface (UI), Global Navigation is located on the left of every Canvas page.
Gradebook
The Gradebook stores information about student progress in Canvas. Canvas includes two types of gradebooks: a standard gradebook that provides a collection of numerical or letter-grade assessments, and a Learning Mastery Gradebook that compiles assessments based on learning standards and outcomes. 
The Gradebook is a link in Course Navigation for instructors. Learn more about the Gradebook.
Grades
Grades are a measurement of student performance. Students can calculate hypothetical grades on this page. Instructors can quickly edit grades for any course or section in the Gradebook.
Grades is a link in Course Navigation for students. 
Groups
Groups is a tool that helps instructors separate students into smaller course units. Groups can be created for students or by students to enable efficient collaboration.
Groups is a link in the Global Navigation Menu. Learn more about Groups.
Help
The Help feature is part of Global Navigation and helps users get help in Canvas at any time. The Help link can be customized by a Canvas admin for the institution and may display as a different name.
Inbox
The Inbox is a messaging tool used in Canvas to communicate with a course, a group, an individual student, or a group of students. Messages created in the Inbox can be sent to one user or multiple users.
Inbox is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about the Inbox.
Learning Mastery
Learning Mastery maintains that students must achieve a level of mastery (e.g. 90% on a knowledge test) in prerequisite knowledge before moving forward to learn subsequent information. Learning mastery is commonly measured through outcomes.
The Learning Mastery Gradebook helps instructors and admins assess the outcome standards being used in Canvas courses. This gradebook helps institutions measure student learning for accreditation and better assess the needs of their students. Individual student scores within each outcome are based on outcome values.
MasteryPaths
MasteryPaths is a feature enabled through Modules that supports learning mastery. If students do not achieve mastery for an assignment, they are given additional support in learning and reviewing the information, then tested again. This cycle will continue until learners accomplishes mastery and may move to the next stage.
Math Editor
The Math Editor is a Latex-compatible toolbar in the Rich Content Editor that makes it easy for instructors to write math expressions and equations. Instructors and students can use the Math Editor when creating and taking quizzes.
Moderated Grading
Moderated Grading allows multiple reviewers to grade student submissions and create draft or provisional grades. For instance, an instructor may want two TAs to grade all assignments before the instructor determines the final grade.
Modules
Modules is a tool that can unify all course content into structural components. Module content can be grouped by week, topic, or day. Modules can be set up to require students to complete materials in a sequential fashion.
Modules is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about Modules.
New User Tutorial
The New User Tutorial shows new instructors using Canvas for the first time how to become familiar with Canvas using sidebars built into each Canvas feature area. 
Some accounts may be configured to use the Course Setup Checklist instead of the New User Tutorial.
Notifications
Notifications allow users to determine where and when they will be notified about activity in Canvas. Each Canvas user can adjust the Notification Settings in their Profile to contact them via email on a schedule that fits their individual needs. Some users will want to be notified of course events on a more regular basis than others. Notifications are set for an entire user's account, not on an individual course basis. 
Outcomes
Outcomes are statements that describe skills, understandings, and attitudes that learners will develop during a course or program. Instructors can specify learning outcomes for their courses and track student progress based on measured standards rather than letter grades.
Outcomes is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about Outcomes.
Pages
Pages comprises all pages created in a course. A page allows instructors to create content for a Canvas course. Students can also create and edit pages in Groups. 
Pages is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about Pages.
Pages Front Page
In Pages, instructors can select a page to display as the Front Page. A Front Page is the first page that displays when users navigate to Pages in Course Navigation. When set, a Front Page can also be used as the Course Home Page.
Pairing Codes
Pairing codes are six-digit alphanumeric codes used to link an observer to a student. Students can generate pairing codes from their User Settings page, or instructors can generate them from a student's User Details page. Once the code is generated, observers can enter the pairing code to link to the student from their User Settings page or in the Canvas Parent app.
People
People displays all users enrolled in a course. Instructors can click a student's name to view a summary of their activity in a course.
People is a link in Course Navigation.
Posting Policies
Posting policies is a setting in the Gradebook that designates whether newly-entered grades are visible or hidden to students by default. When grades are hidden, instructors can manually post grades at a later time. Policies can be set at the course level or assignment level.
Learn more about posting policies.
Production
Production is the Canvas environment that contains all live data and where users interact with their Canvas courses. New and updated Canvas features are released into the production environment every three weeks. 
Profile
A profile is a description that provides information about a person. Admins can choose to enable the Profile feature, which allows users to create biographies and link to social networks as part of their user account. 
Quizzes
Quizzes displays all quiz assessment types in a course. Canvas currently offers to quiz engines, Classic Quizzes and New Quizzes. Classic Quizzes is the legacy quizzing tool which provides security from third-party tools, Speedgrader, or CSV exports for student response analysis. New Quizzes is an upgraded quizzing tool with an improved interface, additional question types, and advanced features for moderation and accommodation.
Quizzes is a link in Course Navigation. Learn more about New Quizzes and Classic Quizzes.
Rich Content Editor
The Rich Content Editor (RCE) is a word processor that supports creation and formatting of content in Announcements, Assignments, Discussions, Pages, Syllabus, Quizzes.
Learn more about the Rich Content Editor.
Role
A role describes the permissions granted to a given user in a given context (course, account, and subaccount). Canvas includes both course-level and account-level roles; the base role types are Student, Teacher Assistant (TA), Teacher, Designer, Observer, and Admin. (In Canvas terminology, teachers are also referred to as instructors.) Customized versions of any of these roles can also be created by an admin.
RSS Feed
Really Simple Syndicate (RSS) is a computer document format that allows electronic content distribution. Audio RSS feeds are also referred to as podcasts. RSS Feeds can be imported into a Canvas course via Announcements.
Rubrics
A Rubric is an assessment tool for communicating expectations of quality. Rubrics are typically comprised of rows and columns. Rows are used to define the various criteria being used to assess an assignment. Columns are used to define levels of performance for each criterion.
Learn more about Rubrics.
Sandbox
A Canvas sandbox is a course without student enrollments where instructors can create, modify, and preview course content and structure without student interference. They can then share or import sandbox content into live courses. Instructors may be able to start a new course as a sandbox course from their Canvas dashboard. 
A Canvas sandbox may also refer to an institution's beta environment where admins and instructors can enable and use upcoming Canvas features. Admins may use the Canvas beta environment to review how feature options impact users and courses in their account. Instructors may use the Canvas beta environment to test features and build course content.
Scheduler
Scheduler is a Calendar tool that creates appointment groups within a course or group.
Sections
Sections are divisions of students within a course. All course sections view the same course content.
Settings
Settings allow admins and instructors to customize the Account or Course Navigation, add users, import content, and link to external tools.  
Settings is a link in Account and Course Navigation. 
SIS ID
A SIS ID is a unique identifier for an object in Canvas. SIS IDs can be assigned to accounts, courses, terms, sections, users, and groups for a student information system.
SIS Imports
SIS Imports allows admins to upload and integrate data from various Student Information Systems (SIS), complex databases, and even simple spreadsheets. Imports can be done manually via the SIS Imports link in Account Navigation or automatically via the API.
These integrations also allow institutions to post grades from the Canvas Gradebook into the institution's SIS.
SpeedGrader
SpeedGrader is a grading tool that helps instructors evaluate student work. Instructors can use rubrics for fast assessment and leave text, video, and audio comments for their students. SpeedGrader is also available as a Canvas mobile app on iOS and Android devices.
Learn more about SpeedGrader.
Student View
Student View is a tool used by instructors to see how their course appears to students. Activating Student View generates a Test Student that appears in a canvas course and can be used to submit assignments, reply to discussions, and upload files as a test method in the course.
Service Cloud
Service Cloud is the Canvas Support system. A support case is a formal request from a Canvas admin to receive help or direction from Canvas Support. Support Cases can be accessed by institutions using Service Cloud. 
Syllabus
The Syllabus is a piece of content that outlines activities in a course. 
The Syllabus is a link in Course Navigation.
Term
A term is a period of time assigned to academic instruction. In Canvas, course dates generally align with term dates, though course dates can extend beyond or be shorter than default term dates.
Test
Test is the environment used for testing real data in Canvas without affecting the production environment. The test environment is overwritten with data from the production environment every third Saturday of the month.
Web Services
Web Services are a collection of third-party services that users can use for notifications. Web Services currently support integrations with Google Drive, Skype, Twitter, Delicious, and Diigo.
Welcome Tour
The Welcome tour is a series of tutorials that display in the Canvas interface for new users and provide an overview of Canvas functionality for students, instructors, and administrators.How do I download a single file as an observer
Download File
Click the line item for the file. Click the Download icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Download link. 
Open File
Your file will download to your desktop. Open the appropriate folder to view the file.
Note: The file may be saved to the Downloads folder on your computer.How do I create a File Upload quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the File Upload question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit File Upload Question Details
To complete the question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use theRich Content Editorto include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Text to provide general feedback
Enter Feedback Text
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Type in the answer comment field. Click the Done button when you are finished.
Note: Any general answer comments are visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View of File Upload Question
This is what a student sees when they encounter a File Upload question in a quiz.
Student Confirmation of File Upload
Student will receive a confirmation that their file has been uploaded. They can also remove their file and submit a new one.
Student View of File Upload Submission
After submitting the quiz, students will see their file submission.
No credit will be assigned until the instructor has evaluated the file upload submission and assigned points in the Gradebook or the SpeedGrader.
Notice the answer comment reminds students that their quiz grade will be incomplete until the instructor has manually graded the file upload question.
Download Student Submissions
To download your students' submitted files for grading, you can click the Download All Files link within the Quiz options, or you can open SpeedGrader and open a link to the file directly within the quiz.
Note: The Download All Files link only displays if at least one file upload question in the quiz is outside of a question group.Open Modules
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Delete Module
Click the Options icon. Select the Delete link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I change the format of a course ePub export file as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Organize ePub by Content Type
In the Course Details tab, locate the ePub Export section. Click the Organize ePub by content type checkbox.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I edit the Syllabus in a course as an instructor
Open Syllabus
In Course Navigation, click the Syllabus link.
Edit Syllabus
Click the Edit button.
Edit Syllabus Description
Edit the syllabus description using the Rich Content Editor.
You can post your course description, a brief introduction, class guidelines, weekly reminders, and other important information in the Syllabus Description. You can copy content from Word documents directly into the Rich Content Editor or create original content inside of the Rich Content Editor. You can also use the Rich Content Editor to embed videos and input HTML.
Add Files
To embed a document in your syllabus, highlight the text where you want to apply the file link and click the Documents Options arrow to select the file document. In the Rich Content Editor, the text will turn blue noting the link is downloadable. 
Note: To remove the document, click and highlight the text in the Rich Content Editor, and then press delete (MAC) or backspace (PC).
Manage Course Summary
The Course Summary is enabled by default. It is automatically generated based on course assignments and course calendar events. Items within the Course Summary can only be changed by editing or deleting the assignments or events. All assignments (unpublished and published) are listed in the syllabus for instructors.
To disable the Course Summary, uncheck the Show Course Summary checkbox. 
Update Syllabus
Click the Update Syllabus button.
View Syllabus
View the syllabus.What is the Designer role
Designer Role Use
Designers may create course materials, view course usage data, and access and manage all areas of a Canvas course. For example, a designer may be added to a course with the Designer role to construct a course on behalf of a teacher. 
The Designer role allows a user to:
Create and modify course content
Manually add student enrollments in the course
Communicate with course participants
Access course usage reports
Monitor and moderate the participation and interactions of all enrolled users in a course
Designer Access in Canvas
By default, users with the Designer role may access all content areas of a Canvas course. However, these permissions may vary among institutions. To learn more about Designer participation in Canvas, view the Canvas Course Permissions PDF. 
A Designer can: 
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Add, edit, and delete assignments, Classic Quizzes, course files and pages, and all other course content
Add, edit, and delete items in a course calendar, including Scheduler appointments
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Create, view, and post to course announcements and discussions
Create and edit rubrics
Create conferences and student collaborations 
Create, edit, and delete course sections and student groups
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
Send messages to other course users and to all members of a course
View all student group pages for a course 
View and comment on student submissions
View and link to question banks
View and manage student course enrollments
View usage reports for a course
A Designer cannot: 
Build New Quizzes
Create a Blueprint course
Change the associated course term
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Masquerade as another user in a course
Read SIS data
Set up third party authentication for a course
Unconclude a course
Upload student enrollments via SIS imports
View and manage the enrollment of teachers, other course designers, and teacher assistants in a course
View course analytics
View course change logs
View grade audit trail
View, moderate, and edit all grades
Designer Role Limitations
Designers cannot modify availability of any of the above permissions. Only administrators can modify access to these functions. 
Designers can only create, modify, and moderate content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Only users with administrative permissions may import SIS data. Designers cannot import SIS data. How do I mention a user in an announcement reply in Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Reply to Announcement
To reply to the announcement, click the Reply button. To reply to an announcement reply, click the Reply link.
Mention User in Reply
Use the Rich Content Editor to enter your reply, links, photos, equations, or media.
To mention a user in your reply type the @ symbol in the Rich Content Editor. A list of course users displays. 
Select User
To locate the course user, scroll through the list or filter the list by typing the course user's name. Then select the user's name from the list. 
Post Reply
Your @mention text displays in a purple font and highlight. 
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Reply
Your post displays at the bottom of the thread. 
Note: If the Discussions - New Mention notification setting is enabled in the mentioned user's notification settings, the user is notified that they were mentioned.How do I make my ePortfolio public as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open ePortfolio Settings
Click the ePortfolio Settings link to change the privacy settings on your ePortfolio.
Set Privacy 
Click the Make it Public checkbox and click the Update ePortfolio button to save changes to your ePortfolio settings.
View Privacy
By making your ePortfolio public, anybody who has the URL address to your ePortfolio can view its contents. How do I take a quiz where I can only view one question at a time as a student
Next Questions
Each question will appear on the screen by itself. Once you have answered the question, the Next button will turn blue. Click the Next button to advance through the quiz.
Previous Questions
If your instructor allows you to return to prior questions, you can click the Previous button to check your answers or return to questions you left blank.
Navigate Questions in Sidebar
You can also use the sidebar links for quicker navigation between questions. The question mark icon shows the questions you still need to answer while the checkmark icon shows you the questions you have answered. If your instructor allows you to return to prior questions, you may return to a previously answered question by clicking the link to that question.
Lock Questions after Answering
If your instructor does not allow you to go back to questions after you answer them, a pop-up window will display a warning message when you begin your quiz.
Blank Responses
If you leave a question blank and try to advance to the next question, a pop-up window will display a warning message to explain that you won't be able to return to this question. How do I add and duplicate an event for course sections in the Calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Make sure the checkbox of the course in which you're making an event is selected.
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
View More Options
Add a title and location for the event. The date and time fields are automatically populated based on the current date but do not need to be removed. 
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the course calendar for the event. 
To add different dates for each section, click the More Options button.
Use a Different Date
Click the Use a different date for each section checkbox.
Set Section Dates
The default date is removed and replaced with all the sections in your course. 
For each section, type in a date, or select a date by clicking the Calendar icon, and specify the start and end time. If you don't want one section to see the event, leave the date and time fields blank.
Note: When the Use a different date for each section checkbox is selected, the Frequency drop-down menu is removed.
Duplicate Event
Click the Duplicate checkbox.
Note: If you cannot see the checkbox, you selected the wrong course calendar when creating the new event.
Add Duplicate Details
By default, events are set to repeat every week.
If you want to change the repeating event to daily or monthly, click the Week(s) drop-down menu and select your preferred time range. You may also have to change the number that precedes the time period.
By default, events are set to create one occurrence, meaning it will create the initial event plus one additional (two total events). If you want to change the number of additional occurrences, enter the number in the text field. The calendar event supports up to 200 additional occurrences.
If you want to automatically add a number to the end of each event title (such as Event 1, Event 2, etc.), click the Count checkbox.
Create Event
Click the Create Event button.
View Events
View the events in your course calendar.
Remember, once created, duplicate events are not linked together and are independent events. Therefore, if you need to modify an event, each event has to be edited individually.How do I embed media from an external source in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Embed Tool from Toolbar
To embed media from the toolbar, click the Embed icon.
To view the Embed icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Media Upload Tool from Menubar
You can also embed media using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To embed media using the menubar, click the Insert menuand select the Embed option.
Enter Embed Code
Paste the code in the Embed Code field. Then click the Submit button.
Embed Media
Click the Submit button.
Preview Embedded Media
Preview your embedded media in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.Joining a Zoom meeting
Finding a Zoom Link
Zoom links may be located within the Calendar, Announcement, Home Page, Syllabus, or Conferences Course Navigation links.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Follow the steps below depending on which browser and operating system you use.
How do I clear my browser cache on a PC?
How do I clear my browser cache on a Mac?
Use Incognito/Private Browser
If clearing your cache and cookies doesn't resolve the problem, something in your browser may be blocking your access to Zoom. To verify this, try using Chrome’s incognito or Firefox Private mode.
Try New Browser
If you cannot access Zoom using an incognito or private browser, try using a different browser. Canvas generally recommends using Chrome or Firefox.
View Zoom Resources
If you are still having trouble accessing the Zoom meeting, view Zoom’s status page.
You can also view the Zoom Help Center guides.
Contact IT Department
If you are still having trouble with Zoom, you can contact your institution’s IT department for assistance.
Other Conferencing Tools
For assistance with other conferencing tools, you may need to reach out to your instructor or institution for further help.How do I use the Course Home Page as a student
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
View Course Home Page
The Course Home Page involves Course Navigation, the content area, and the sidebar.
View Course Navigation
The Course Home Page is viewed from the Course Navigation Home link. 
Course Navigation includes links that help you and your students get to specific locations in the course. Instructors can customize what links are shown in a course, so if you don't see links that may display in other courses, your instructor has hidden those links from your view. 
The active link of the page you are viewing is highlighted with different color text and a line indicator. This highlight helps you quickly identify the feature area you are currently viewing in Canvas. 
You may also see course indicators that show updates to your course grades when your instructor grades your assignments.
Collapse Course Navigation Menu
To expand or collapse the Course Navigation Menu, click the Menu icon. When you choose to expand or collapse the Global Navigation menu, your preference is applied to all of your courses. 
View Content Area
Home Page content (and all Canvas content) is displayed in the content area. 
The content can be a page, the syllabus, discussions, announcements, quizzes, or imported content. The content can also show the Course Activity Stream, which is a list of all recent activity in the course. Your Home Page may also display recent announcements at the top of the page.
The Home Page content also defines what sections display in the sidebar.
View Breadcrumbs
Breadcrumbs appear above the course content area. 
As you view course content, the breadcrumbs leave a trail to show where you are inside the course. You can follow these links backward to visit prior course content. 
Note: If you have created a nickname for a course, the breadcrumbs display the nickname to identify the course. Otherwise, the breadcrumbs display the course code.
View Sidebar
The sidebar functions the same as the Dashboard sidebar but only shows content for the specific course and includes additional options.
If your Course Home Page displays a page other than the Course Activity Stream, you can view the course activity stream by clicking the sidebar View Course Stream button. When the Home Page is set as the Course Activity Stream, this button will not appear.
If you have been added to a group in your course, the Course Group section includes links to your course groups.
View Sidebar Sections
The sidebar always shows the To Do section, which shows all recent announcements and up to seven assignments that are due in the upcoming weeks, including ungraded quizzes and assignments that do not require a submission. Each item in the To Do list displays the assignment name, the number of points, and the due date for the assignment. Once the due date has passed, items remain in this section for four weeks.
The sidebar can also include a variety of other sections, depending on the layout your instructor sets for the Course Home Page. Additional sidebar options include the Assignment list, Calendar and Assignment Groups, and Recent Feedback.
Manage Sidebar Items
Each section item displays an icon to differentiate between assignments and peer review assignments. 
If a section contains more items than are listed, a link will appear under the list that you can use to view additional items.
The To Do section shows up to seven items with due dates in the upcoming weeks. To view more items, you must manually remove items from the list. To remove a To Do item, click the remove icon.
Note: Assignments submitted through Canvas disappear automatically from the To Do list; no-submission assignments (submitted on paper/in class) can only be removed from the list manually.How do I delete a conference in a student group as a student
Open Conferences
In Group Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution.
Delete Conference
Click the settings icon and click the Delete link. 
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I change the name of a page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
Click the name of the page you want to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Rename Page
Edit the title of the page.
Save Page
Click the Save button.
View Page
View the new page name at the top of the page.How do I create a Multiple Dropdown quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Multiple Dropdowns question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Enter Question Details
Type your question into the Rich Content Editor. You can also use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities. 
Create Reference Words
Now replace the words you want students to enter in the question with reference words. Reference words should be surrounded by brackets and cannot contain spaces, periods, or other non-alphanumeric characters. Once you place a word in brackets, the word will populate in the Show Possible Answers for drop-down menu.
For example, red has been replaced with [color1], and blue has been replaced with [color2]. 
Enter Answer Responses for First Reference Word
For each item in the drop-down menu, enter one correct answer and all of the other distractors. Type the correct answer and the distractors in the Possible Answer fields. Click the Add Another Answer link to add additional distractors. 
Note: The drop-down menu displays a maximum of 100 characters to students taking a quiz.
Choose Correct Answer
Hover your cursor to the left of any answer to reveal a green "ghost" arrow. Click the green arrow to the left of the correct answer. You will know which answer is the correct answer because both the arrow and the answer comment around that answer will turn green. In this example, the first answer is the correct answer.
Enter Answer Responses for Additional Reference Words
Select the second item in the drop-down menu and create the associated answers. Repeat this process for as many reference words as are in your question.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer.
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Multiple Dropdowns Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Multiple Dropdowns question in a quiz.
Student View for Multiple Dropdowns Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, correct responses are marked with a green flag. Incorrect responses will be marked with a red flag and any correct answers not indicated by the student are marked with a gray flag. Partial credit will be assigned if some of the blanks are completed correctly. How do I view the outcomes results report for an individual student in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
See Outcome Results
Click the See Outcome Results for [student name] link.
View Outcome Results
If an instructor has linked assignments or rubrics to Outcomes, the results will show up in this report. The report shows the Outcome, Attempts, Latest Score, and Average Percent. The report will populate once the student turns in assignments or does something related to an Outcome. 
If you want to see the artifacts linked to the Outcomes, click the Show All Artifacts button. You can also view the student's result for other Outcomes (if any) by clicking the other results option.
Note: Outcome results are tied to level of outcome access. Account outcomes display on the account report, while the sub-account outcomes display on the sub-account report. The only time outcomes would be displayed on both reports is if they are stored in both accounts, such as copying an account outcome to the sub-account level. Outcomes created at the course-level display on the course-level and will not appear on account or sub-account level outcome reports.How do I record media using the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Media Upload Tool from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. Then select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Open Media Upload Tool from Menubar
You can also upload media using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload media using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Media option, and select the Upload/Record Media option.
Open Media Recording Tool
Click the Record tab.
Select Mic and Webcam Options
The media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone and web cam. 
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select from the displayed options. 
To change your webcam settings, click the Webcam button. To disable video recording, select the No Video option. 
Record Media
Click the Start Recording button. 
Finish Media Recording
The media recorder displays the length of your current recording. 
To restart your recording, click the Start Over button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button. 
Preview Recorded Media
Preview your recorded media in the media recorder. 
To title your media, type in the Title field. 
To embed your media in the Rich Content Editor, click the Save button. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I navigate a Canvas course as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
View Canvas Course Interface
Observers can view Global Navigation, Course Navigation, Breadcrumb Navigation, Sidebar, and Help link.
The Global Navigation helps you get to where you want to go across all of your Canvas courses.
The Course Navigation helps you get to where you want to go within your student's course(s).
The Breadcrumb Navigation shows you where you have navigated to inside of a course and gives you a quick and easy way to move backward.
The Sidebar will be mostly empty for Observers. Depending on the page you are visiting, your student's upcoming assignments and events may be displayed.
The Help link is very important. To ask for assistance from your student's teacher or the Canvas Support Team, click the Help link. 
Note: Depending on your student's teacher, you may not have access to certain parts of the course.How do I delete a discussion in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link. There are two ways to delete a discussion topic. 
Delete from Discussions Page
To delete a discussion from the index page, locate the discussion. Click the Options icon and click the Delete link. 
Delete from Individual Discussion
To delete a discussion individually, click the title of the discussion.
Delete Discussion 
Click the Options icon, then click the Delete link.
Delete Discussion in Discussions Redesign
To delete a discussion in the Discussions Redesign interface, click the Options icon and click the Delete option.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I embed a file from Google Drive into the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Appsoption, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open Google
Click the Google Drive (LTI 1.3) link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Select File
Click the Select file button.
Locate and select the file you want to embed. Click the Add button.
Attach File
Click the Attach link.
View Embedded File
View the embedded Google file in the Rich Content Editor. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.Logging into the Canvas Teacher App
Find Your School
When you open the Canvas Teacher App, tap the Find my school button.
Then, enter your institution’s name in the Find your school or districtfield.
For additional help, you can tap the How do I find my school?link.
Enter School's Canvas URL
Alternatively, you can enter your institution's Canvas URL found in the desktop address bar.
For additional help, you can tap the Tap here for helplink.
Log In with QR Code
You can also log into your Canvas account using the QR Login option.
Generate QR Code in Browser
In your Canvas browser tab, in Global Navigation, click the Account link. Then click the QR for Mobile Login link.
Scan QR Code
In the Canvas Teacher app login page, tap theQR Login link. 
Click the Next link, then scan the Canvas browser QR code with your device camera.How do I allow users to report a reply in a discussion in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Settings
Click the Settings icon.
Edit Discussion Settings
Ensure the Report replies checkbox is selected.
To save discussion settings, click the Save Settings button.Introduction
Introduction
What is Canvas?
Canvas is a Learning Management System. To learn more about Canvas terminology and definitions, visit How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions?
Because Canvas is a web-based system, it doesn’t need to be installed on your computer. However, you’ll want to make sure that yourcomputer and web browser meet the basic requirements to run Canvas.
What is the Observer/Parent role?
In Canvas, the Observer role can be used to enroll parents, mentors, and guests who would like to participate in a Canvas course but do not need to earn course credit. Observers have limited permissions that allow them to see what is going on in a course without interrupting the flow of daily course communication. Like students, observers cannot view a course until it is published and the course has started.
Canvas for Elementary
Canvas for Elementary is a Canvas setting that displays a simplified interface and experience designed for younger learners.
Flowchart
For a visual representation of how to get started with Canvas as an observer, view the Getting Started with Canvas as an Observer Flowchart.
Canvas Guides
The Canvas Observer Guide has many articles that each answer a question that relates to using the Canvas interface as an observer. Each article also includes Next and Previous links so you can easily navigate to related content.
User Account Setup
Before you can do anything in Canvas, you'll need an account and the URL for your institution's Canvas website. View the articles below for help with setting up your account, logging in, and managing your user settings.
How do I log in to Canvas as an observer?
How do I sign up for a Canvas account as a parent?
How do I create an account in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I create an account in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I edit my profile in my user account as an observer?
How do I change the settings in my user account as an observer?
How do I manage my Canvas notification settings as an observer?
Pairing Code Overview
Pairing codes are six-digit codes that are used to link students to observers in Canvas.
How do I generate a pairing code for an observer as a student?
How do I send a pairing code for an observer in the Student app on my iOS device?
How do I send a pairing code to an observer in the Student app on my Android device?
Pairing Codes - FAQ
Observer Pairing Overview
Once you have pairing code(s) for your student(s), you can link your account to theirs. Guides below include steps for linking accounts. Whether you are linking your Observer account to multiple students at once or you’re adding a new student to your existing account, you follow the same process.
How do I link a student to my user account as an observer?
How do I link additional students to my account in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I link additional students to my account in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
Use QR Code to Log In
There’s a very simple way to log in to the Canvas Parent app. In the web version of Canvas, if you click the Account link in the Global Navigation menu, you’ll see a QR for Mobile Login link. After opening the Canvas Parent app on your mobile device, scan that code. You will be instantly logged-in, without having to worry about connecting to your school and retyping your information.
How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as an observer?
How do I log in to the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I log in to the Parent app on my Android Device with a QR code?
Canvas Overview
Once your account is set up, take a minute to familiarize yourself with the Canvas user interface. The articles below show you how to navigate Canvas and use a few of the tools that link across all your courses.
How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as an observer?
How do I view my favorite courses in the Card View Dashboard as an observer?
How do I use the Dashboard as an observer?
How do I use the Inbox as an observer?
How do I use the Calendar as an observer?
How do I use Files as an observer?
Course Basics
The main use of the Observer role is to link a user to a student. You can be linked to a student or multiple students and view the student's data in the course. Parents or guardians are often enrolled as observers and linked to students, especially in K12 environments. You cannot submit work on behalf of the students you observe, but you can see student grades, assignments and events, and course interactions. What is available in your course depends on what has been implemented by your student’s instructor. 
View the articles below for some of the basics of Canvas courses.
How do I navigate a Canvas course as an observer?
How do I use the Course Activity Stream as an observer?
How do I use the Course Home Page as an observer?
How do I use the Syllabus as an observer?
How do I view Assignments as an observer?
How do I know if my student has submitted an assignment as an observer?
How do I view the Grades page for a student as an observer?
How do I view my student's grades in a current course?
How do I view Discussions as an observer?
How do I use Discussions Redesign as an observer?
How do I view Quizzes as an observer?
How do I use Conferences in a course as an observer?
How do I edit a course page as an observer?
Learn more about Canvas features in the Canvas Basics Guide.
Canvas Parent App
Canvas also has a free mobile app available for iOS and Android that is specifically tailored to observers. View information about the Parent app below.
How do I use the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I set alerts for a student in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I create a reminder for an assignment or event in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I use the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I set alerts for a student in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I create a reminder for an assignment or event in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
Canvas Parent Mobile Features 
Additional Resources
Canvas for Elementary Student Guides 
Troubleshooting for All Users
Canvas Observer/Parent Blog
Canvas Resource Documents for Observers
Observer Account Creation and PairingHow do I view or edit a Scheduler appointment group in a course calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
View Appointment Group
Locate the appointment group in your calendar. Appointment slots that have been reserved are shown in a solid color. 
Open Appointment Group
To open the appointment group, click any time slot in the appointment group. In the appointment window, click the Group Details button.
Edit Appointment Group Details
In the appointment group page, you can view the course associated with the appointment group, and you can edit the group details. 
For each appointment group, you can edit the name of the group. You can add new appointment group sets and additional time slots to the entire group, and you can add or modify the assignment group location, group details, and group options.
Notes: 
If you want to edit or delete existing time slots, you can edit individual time slots in the calendar.
The option to have students sign up in groups can only be selected when an appointment group is created.
View Appointment Slots
At the bottom of the Appointment Group details page, you can view all appointments in the group. Each time slot shows the date and time and whether or not the time slot is available. You can also view the name of each student who signed up for the time slot. 
If a time slot has been reserved by a student but also includes the word Available, the time slot includes an additional slot that can be filled by another student.
If you want to send a message to students in the appointment group, click the Message Students button. You can send a message to all users in the appointment group, users who haven't signed up for a time slot, and users who have signed up.
When messaging students, messages are sent as individual messages.
Manage Appointment Group
To delete the appointment group, click the Delete Group button. Please note this option does not provide a warning and cannot be undone. Deleting the group will also delete any appointments that have been reserved by students. 
To cancel changes in the assignment group, click the Cancel button.
To save changes in the assignment group, click the Save button.
Manage Appointment Slot
In the calendar, you can manage time slots individually. To view details about a time slot, including who signed up in the time slot, click the appointment link.
If you want to edit a specific time slot, click the Edit button. Editing a time slot allows you to edit the description of the appointment. You can also limit the slot to a specific number of users. Changing either of these values in an individual time slot does not affect the description or user signup limit for the entire group. For instance, if the assignment group limited each slot to one user, and you individually edit a specific time slot to allow three users, only that time slot is affected by the user limit change.
If you need to remove a time slot, click the Delete button.
In time slots that have been reserved, you can send a message to the user(s) in the time slot.Using the Canvas Gradebook
Check Assignment Points Possible
If your gradebook totals are greater than 100% for some or all of your students, review the points possible for each assignment.In particular, locate any assignments with zero points possible. Additionally, check the scores added in the column to make sure they are not higher than the overall score set for the assignment.
Confirm Entered Scores
In the Gradebook, review the scores added to the students and make sure there are no unexpected ungraded students.
If a grade displays as a percentage or a grading scheme such as a letter grade or a GPA, view the grades entered as points.
If an assignment does not count toward the course final grade, the assignment displays in the Gradebook, but it is excluded from the total calculations.
If a student received a 0 on an assignment, the assignment cell should display a 0. Cells with a dash indicate that the assignment is not graded for the student. Alternatively, to exclude an assignment score from the student's total score in the course, you can excuse a student from the assignment. 
Note: Some assignments and quizzes do not display in the Gradebook. For example, ungraded discussions do not display in the Gradebook.
Check Weighted Assignment Groups
If you use weighted assignment groups to calculate the total grade, confirm that each assignment group contains the correct weighted percentage. You can review this in the Assignments page or in the Gradebook. 
Additionally, in the Assignments page, confirm each group has the correct assignment associated with it. You can move assignments as needed. How do I filter assignments by type as an observer
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Group Assignments by Type
Click the Show By Type button.
View Assignments by Type
View course assignments by assignment group.
If the instructor has chosen to weight students' final grades, you can view assignment group weights. Additionally, if the instructor has selected grading rules for an assignment group, you can view grading rules. To view grading rule details, hover over the rule. How do I obtain a Canvas Data 1 API access token in the Canvas Data Portal as an admin
Canvas Data 1 will be deprecated on December 31, 2023. Canvas Data 1 guides will be removed from the Community end of June 2024. Learn more about accessing data using Canvas Data 2.
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Canvas Data Portal
In Account Navigation, click the Canvas Data Portal link.
Create Credentials
Click the Create Credentials button.
Copy Credentials
Copy the API Key and API Secret. If you return to the Credentials Portal, you will be able to see the API Key but not the API Secret. 
Create New Credentials
You can create new credentials by clicking the Create Credentials button. However, generating new credentials will invalidate the old credentials for all users who have access to them.How do I view a thread in Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Note: If the announcement has replies, you can view the number of unread replies and the number of replies.
Open Threaded Replies
If course users have replied to an announcement reply, you can view the reply thread by clicking # of replies link.
View Threaded Replies
Threaded replies expand and display. View the name of the user who posted the reply as well as the date and time the reply was posted. 
Manage Threaded Reply
To manage a threaded reply, click the reply Options icon. Then select one of the following menu options:
Mark as Read: Mark this reply as read.
Mark Thread as Read: Mark the whole thread as read.
Mark Thread as Unread: Mark the whole thread as unread.
Go to Parent: Select the top reply in the thread.
Edit: Edit the reply.
Quote Reply: Start a reply by including a copy of the reply.
Delete: Delete the reply.
Quote Reply
To create a reply that includes quoted text from another reply, click the reply's Options icon. Then click the Quote Reply option.
Create Reply
The Include quoted reply in message toggle displays and is enabled by default. To exclude quoted text from your reply, click the toggle off. 
To enter your reply, links, photos, equations, and/or media, or @mention course users, use the Rich Content Editor.
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Your Reply
View your reply that includes the quoted reply.How do I reset my password as an observer
Email Errors
If you enter your email address and never get a password reset email, review the following password tips.
Have you typed your email address correctly? Sometimes email addresses can be misspelled. Email addresses need to be entered exactly as they were registered.
Are you accessing the correct Canvas URL? You will not get the reset email if you are trying to reset your password on a site where you are not enrolled (such as canvas.instructure.com instead of myinstitution.instructure.com).
Is your Canvas email sponsored by your institution? If your mail email address is part of a campus firewall system that blocks emails from mass senders, you won't be able to receive the email. Contact your institution's IT department for assistance.
Are you the owner of your email address? If your email address is owned by someone else and you can't receive email for that address, you won't be able to get the reset email. Contact the owner of the email address for assistance.
Reset Password
In a new browser window, open to your Canvas login page. Click the Forgot Password? link.
Note: If your login screen does not show the password reset link, contact your institution for assistance.
Request Password 
Enter the login information associated with your Canvas account and click the Request Password button.
Note: The password reset field verifies password reset information by user login. Depending on your institution, login information may vary. 
View Password Recovery Notification
A notification displays stating that it may take up to 30 minutes to send password recovery instructions to your email and you may need to check your spam folder to locate the email. 
Check Email
Return to your email account and sign in. Open the Forgot Password email. (If the email is not in your Inbox, check your Spam folder.)
If your user login is associated with multiple email addresses, password reset instructions will be sent to each address.
Open Password Link
Click the Click here to set a new password link.
Change Password
Type in a new password and then confirm that password by typing it again. Click the Update Password button.
Log in to Canvas
With your login credential and new password, log in to Canvas.How do I run Roll Call Attendance reports in a course as an instructor
Open Attendance
In Course Navigation, click the Attendance link.
Open Attendance Report
In Roll Call, click the Settings icon and select Attendance Report.
Specify Report Data
You can specify criteria for your report. If you leave the fields blank, the report will be generated for the entire course.
You can choose a date range for the report. You can also optionally filter by SIS Student ID. 
By default, the email field will be populated with your email address to send the report. Confirm your email in the field or enter a new email address. 
Run Report
Click the Run Report button.
View Notification
Confirm that the report was generated successfully.
View Email
Check your email for a message with the subject Roll Call Attendance Report. The email contains a link where you can access your attendance report for the next 6 hours. When you click the link, you will be prompted to open or save the CSV file that contains your report results. How do I add an external tool as a module item as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Add Module Item
Click the Add Item button.
Add External Tool
In the Add [Item Type] To: drop-down menu, select the External Tool option.
Find External Tool
Locate the configured tool and click the Search icon. An external window will appear in your browser; follow the instructions to add the tool.
Add Unconfigured Tool
If you want to add a tool that has not been configured in your course, locate the configuration URL for the tool you want to link to and type the URL in the URL field. 
Give your External Tool a Page Name. 
To have the tool open in a new browser tab, click the Load this tool in a new tab checkbox. When adding external tools as module items in the future, the option you select, to open the tool in the existing tab or a new tab, displays as the default.
Choose whether or not to indent the item in the module drop-down menu. 
Note: Because Basic LTI configurations can be added at a later time, the dialog will accept URLs that don't match any existing configurations. However, when you try to navigate to an external tool that is not configured, you'll see an error message indicating the problem. 
Add Item
Click the Add Item button.
View Module
View the external tool in your module.How do I move or reorder a discussion in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Drag and Drop Discussion
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder pinned discussions. Click and drag the discussion to the desired location within the section.
Drop the discussion by releasing the mouse.
Move Discussion
You can also use the Move To option to reorder a pinned discussion. Click the Options icon and select the Move To... link.
Place Discussion Location
In the Move Discussion sidebar, click the Place drop-down menu. Select the placement of the discussion you are moving. You can move the discussion so it is located at the top of the section, before a specific discussion, after a specific discussion, or at the bottom of the section.
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the second drop-down menu. Select the discussion that should be before or after the discussion you are moving, as indicated by the option selected in the previous menu. 
If you want to move the discussion to another location, change the sidebar placement options again. 
Move Discussion
Click the Move button.How do I use the outcomes page in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
View Outcomes
On the outcomes page, you can create a new outcome, create a new outcome group, and find an outcome.
If you have permission, you can import an outcome.
To view details about an outcome group, click the name of the outcome group. 
To view an outcome, click the name of the outcome.
View Outcome
To view an outcome, click the name of the outcome.
You can view the outcome description, criterion ratings, points needed for mastery, the calculation method, and the calculation method explanation.
To view items aligned with the outcome and outcome artifacts, click the outcome title.
Note: If mastery scales and calculation methods do not display for your outcome, your institution has enabled account-wide and/or course-wide mastery scales and calculation methods.
Manage Outcome and Outcome Group
You can move, edit, or delete an outcome or outcome group.
Notes: 
You cannot delete an outcome that has been used to assess students.
If a rubric includes an outcome that has been used to assess a submission, edits made to the outcome are not reflected in previous rubric assessments.How do I add conditional content to a Mastery Path source item as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Open Mastery Paths
Locate the item where you want to add a Mastery Path and click the Options icon. Click the Mastery Paths option.
Note: Items that cannot originate a Mastery Path, including content pages and non-graded items, will not display the Mastery Paths settings option.
View Conditional Range
The assignment grade display and point value are shown at the top of the Mastery Path page. 
The Mastery Paths tab displays three ranges for conditional content. The ranges match the grade display set for the assignment—points, percentage, letter grade, or GPA. The ranges default to 70%, 40%, and 0% of the assignment’s point value. rounded up respectively. For instance, an assignment worth 25 points defaults to ranges of 25–18 points, 18–10 points, and 10–0 points. 
Set Conditional Range
Each range can be customized to a range outside the default values. To adjust a range, click the value and enter the new conditional range.
Note: Range values must be set in order from highest to lowest. Empty values are not allowed.
Add Items to Range
Select the range where you want to add conditional content items and click the Add button.
Locate Items
Any existing course item that can be used in a Mastery Path can be added as conditional content. 
In the content window, you can search for content by name in the Search field, or filter items by type using the All Items drop-down menu. If a content item does not display in the content window, the item cannot be added as a conditional release item.
Notes: 
When sorting by type, you must add an item from a type before selecting another type.
The content window only displays supported items for conditional content. Practice quizzes and ungraded surveys are not supported as conditional items.
Pages will not display as a conditional item unless the page was previously edited to be included as a Mastery Path item.
Add Items
To add a content item, select the checkbox next to the item. You can select multiple items at one time.
Click the Add Items button.
Add Additional Items
Select another range and add the appropriate content items. You can add up to three item groups to each range using existing items in a course as conditional items. Conditional items may be added in the form of individual item requirements for a student to choose from, or as a group of items a student must complete.
Note: An item may be added to more than one range. An item that is already added in the range will be crossed out in the content window.
Manage Items
Multiple conditional items within a range can be mixed and matched as individual items, grouped items, or both. Items can also be reordered within the range by dragging and dropping in the preferred order.
You can also edit an item, move an item, or delete an item from the item's options menu.
Set Student Choice Option
When more than one conditional item is added to the same range, the items default to be completed together as indicated by the And (ampersand) button. Students who complete the assignment and score in a range with joined assignments must complete all the assignments in the conditional path.
If you want to give students a choice between assignments in a path, a range's items can be set to complete only one item or group in the path. To create a path option, click the And button. The items will separate and the And will change to an Or button. Students who complete the assignment and score in a range with an Or designation can select which item(s) to complete as part of the conditional path. To help select an assignment path, students will be able to view the descriptions of each assignment.
Save Assignment
When you are finished adding conditional items, click the Save button.How do I mark discussion replies as read or unread as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion you want to view.
View Posts
The read icon indicates the reply has been read. The unread icon indicates a reply is new or unread.
Mark Post as Unread
To change a read post to unread, click the read icon next to the post you wish to change.
Verify Post as Unread 
View the post now marked as unread.
Mark Post as Read
To change an unread post to read, click the unread icon next to the post you wish to change.
Verify Post as Read
View the post now marked as read.
Note: If a post's state is manually changed, the post will not change states (become read or unread) unless you manually change it again.How do I manage notifications for a single course as a student
Open Notifications
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Notifications link.
Open Course Notification Settings
You can manage notification settings for your Canvas account and/or for individual courses. 
To manage notification settings for an individual course, click the Settings for drop-down menu. Then click the course name.
Open Notifications from Course Home Page
Alternatively, you can access course notifications from the Course Home Page by clicking the View Course Notifications button. 
View Course Notification Settings
A banner displays stating course-level notification settings apply override any account-level notifications you may have set. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon. 
A banner displays noting when daily and weekly messages are delivered. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon.
To enable or disable all notifications for the course, click the Enable Notifications toggle.
View the course-level notification types and your listed contact methods.
Each notification has a default delivery frequency setting. To view the current notification delivery frequency for a notification type and contact method, hover over the notification icon.
Manage Individual Notifications
To manage notification frequency for a course notification, locate the notification and contact method. Then click the notification icon. You can select one of four delivery frequency types:
Notify immediately: receive these notifications right away for this course. These notifications may be delayed by up to one hour in case an instructor makes additional changes, which prevents you from being spammed by multiple notifications in a short amount of time.
Daily summary: receive a daily summary for this notification type.
Weekly summary: receive a weekly summary for this notification type.
Notifications off: no notifications sent for this notification type.
View Course Notifications Status
You can view your course notification status on your course home page. The View Course Notifications button icon displays if course notifications are enabled or disabled.How do I view the history of all grading changes in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Grading History
Click the Gradebook menu and select the Gradebook History link.
View Gradebook History
The Gradebook History page displays recent grade changes in the course. Each grade change lists the date of the change, the student whose grade was changed, the grader who changed the grade, and the artifact where the grade was changed. 
Additionally, you can view a summary of the grade before it was changed, after it was changed, and the current grade for the assignment.
Note:  If you are grading in a course where you can only interact with users in your same section, the Gradebook history page will only display results for users within your same section. 
View Anonymous Assignments in Gradebook History
Any grade changes related to an anonymously graded assignment do not include student names in the search results.
If the anonymous grading option is removed from the assignment at a later time, the Gradebook History page displays an icon showing that the assignment was previously graded anonymously.
Note: Posting grades for an anonymous assignment will remove anonymity from the assignment.
View Filters
If you want to locate a specific grade change, you can filter grading history by student, grader, artifact, and start or end date. 
Filter by Name
To filter grading history by student, grader, or artifact, start typing the name in the search filter. Canvas will automatically populate matching names. Select the name from the results. 
Filter by Date
If you also want to filter grading history by start or end date, click the date field and then select a date from the calendar. 
Filter by Final Grade Overrides Only
To filter the Gradebook History to display only final grade overrides, click the the Final Grade Overrides Only checkbox. The Final Grades Overrides checkbox only displays if you have enabled the Final Grade Override feature option.
By default, the filter displays both assignment grade changes and override grade changes. If you filter by final grade override, you cannot filter by any other filters.
Apply Filter
To apply your specified filters, click the Filter button. 
Return to Traditional Gradebook
To return to the gradebook, click the Gradebook History menu and select the Traditional Gradebook link.How do I edit a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open from Quizzes Page
Open Quizzes
To open a quiz from the Quizzes page, click the Quizzes link in Course Navigation.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To edit a quiz, find the quiz you want to edit. 
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Open from Modules Page
Open Modules
To open a quiz from the Modules page, click the Modules link in Course Navigation.
Open Build Page
Find the quiz you want to edit.
Click the Options icon. To open the Build page, click the Build link.
Edit Title
To edit the title of the quiz, click the Title field. Then enter the new quiz title.
Edit Instructions
To edit the instructions of the quiz, click the Instructions field.
Use the Rich Content Editor to enter your instructions. Quiz instructions can include link, images, and media.
Edit Question
To edit a question, locate the question you want to edit. Then click the Edit icon.
Edit the question.
View Warning Message
If the question you want to edit has been added to an item bank, a warning message will display on the page. You will only be able to edit some options and point values in the question.
To edit the question in the item bank, click the Edit in Bank button.
Return to Canvas
To close your quiz and return to the area in Canvas where the quiz was opened, click the Return button.Removing a course from my dashboard
Open Courses List
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link. Then click the All Courses link. 
View Past Enrollments
You may be able to view a list of your past enrollments in your Courses List. If a course in the Past Enrollments list is favorited, you can click the Favorite icon to unfavorite the course. 
If you have a course that has ended but is still on the dashboard, it is likely that it is missing an end date in the course settings. As a student, you cannot change this.
If you’d like to remove it, your instructor will need to add an end date. Contact your instructor for assistance using the Inbox or through the help menu.
Alternatively, you can use course favoriting to determine which courses appear on your dashboard.
Note: Courses in the Past Enrollments list cannot be favorited. Open Account
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Analytics link.
Open Overview Dashboard
By default, the Overview Dashboard displays filters by active term.
View Overview Dashboard
In the Overview Dashboard, you can view the following charts:
Courses by status
Enrolled students with or without activity
Teacher use of courses with activity
Course status over time
Enrolled students over time
Average course grades
Interactions by Canvas feature
Overall course interactions over time
Learn more about viewing and managing statistic and chart data.
Note: All statistics and charts display data based on the selected filters. How do I make API calls in an account with an access token as an admin
Option One: Make A Call Over HTTPS
GET /api/v1/courses.json
All API calls must also be made over HTTPS. The access token must be included as a URL query parameter in any API calls made to Canvas. For example, the endpoint to grab the user's list of courses is:
GET /api/v1/courses.json
To retrieve Bob's list of course and if Bob's access token were "token_of_magical_power" then you would call
GET /api/v1/courses.json?access_token=token_of_magical_powers
For a detailed example of using the API, check out the API basics documentation on github.
Option Two: Make A Call Using A Request Header
The other way to make an API call with an access token is to add it to the request header. If using curl (a command line program that can be used for running API requests) you would specify the access token like this. 
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer <token>" 'https://<canvas>/api/v1/accounts/<account_id>/courses.json'
Notice that the access_token is not in the URL at all.
See the example on the API documentation site. How do I view the rubric for my assignment as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
View Rubric
Assignment rubrics are shown below the assignment instructions. 
The rubric includes Criteria, Ratings, and full point values. A rubric criterion may include up to five different ratings and individual point values. 
Note: Depending on how your instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values your instructor may still use it to provide feedback on your assignment.
Criterion may include a description.
The rubric may also include an outcome associated with the course. Outcomes are identified by a small flag and are used to assess learning mastery in a course. The outcome also shows the threshold for the outcome, or the number of points you must achieve to meet expectations. Your instructor may allow you to view outcomes results in your course grades.How do I view quiz results as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the title of the quiz.
View Quiz Results
The quiz results screen consists of several areas:
Attempt History
Quiz Results
Submission Details
Unavailable Quiz Results
If your instructor has hidden your quiz grades, your results will be unavailable until grades are posted.
View Attempt History
Attempt History shows your latest quiz attempt, the time it took to take the quiz, and your score.
Attempt History with Repeated Quiz Attempts
For repeated quiz attempts, the history will display the results of every attempt. Each attempt has a hyperlink that will display each quiz result, respectively.
View Quiz Results
If your instructor allows, you can view the results of your quiz along with the correct answers. This view will also show your total score, the time and date it was submitted, and how long it took to complete the quiz.
View Correct Answers
If your instructor allows you to see correct answers, the quiz results will display your answer along with the correct answer. 
A correct answer that you marked will be indicated by a green flag. A wrong answer will be indicated by a red flag pointing to your answer. The correct answer will be indicated by a gray flag.
View Quiz Responses Only
If your instructor does not allow you to view correct answers, the quiz results will only display your responses and note whether they were correct or incorrect.
View Protected Quiz Results
Some instructors will not allow you to view your quiz results at all. This setting is common for quizzes that are allowed multiple attempts. 
View Submission Details
Submission Details is another way to view your quiz results. Displayed in the sidebar, submission details will show the time it took to take the quiz, your current score, and your kept score, which is the score that Canvas records in the Gradebook.
Note: If your current score includes an asterisk, some questions have not been graded by your instructor, such as essay and file upload questions. You can also view the status of your quiz on your Grades page.
Submission Details with Repeated Quiz Attempts
For repeated quiz attempts, the submission details will continue to display the current score and the kept score. However, in this case, the kept score is assigned by your instructor and can either be your latest quiz attempt score, the highest quiz score, or the average of all your scores. The kept score is indicated at the bottom of the submission detail area. 
View Previous Attempts
You can also view previous attempts through the sidebar submission details. Click the View Previous Attempts link.
View Quiz Results for Previous Attempts
Each quiz attempt will be listed in the sidebar with a hyperlink to the quiz results. Click the attempt you wish to view. The quiz results for that attempt will appear. Keep in mind that the same settings will apply in the quiz results, meaning that you may only be able to view your responses or not view quiz results at all.
To return to the quiz, click the Back to Quiz link.How do I reply to submission comments in the Inbox as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Open Submission Comments
Click the Inbox filter and select the Submission Comments option.
Select Submission Comment
Each message contains the name of the course and the name of the submission. Click the submission comment where you want to reply.
Reply to Comments
In the toolbar, click the Reply icon. You can also click the reply icon in the conversation thread.
Note: In Submission Comments, the name of the course assignment links to the assignment. This link allows access to the assignment submission and view any associated attachments that may be part of the submission comment.
Write Comment
In the text window, type your comment for the submission. Click the Save button.
View Comment
View your reply in the conversation thread. 
Replies are also posted back to the assignment and can be viewed in the Gradebook and SpeedGrader.How do I reset my password as an instructor
Email Errors
If you enter your email address and never get a password reset email, review the following password tips.
Have you typed your email address correctly? Sometimes email addresses can be misspelled. Email addresses need to be entered exactly as they were registered.
Are you accessing the correct Canvas URL? You will not get the reset email if you are trying to reset your password on a site where you are not enrolled (such as canvas.instructure.com instead of myinstitution.instructure.com).
Is your Canvas email sponsored by your institution? If your mail email address is part of a campus firewall system that blocks emails from mass senders, you won't be able to receive the email. Contact your institution's IT department for assistance.
Are you the owner of your email address? If your email address is owned by someone else and you can't receive email for that address, you won't be able to get the reset email. Contact the owner of the email address for assistance.
Reset Password
In a new browser window, open to your Canvas login page. Click the Forgot Password? link.
Note: If your login screen does not show the password reset link, contact your institution for assistance.
Request Password 
Enter the login information associated with your Canvas account and click the Request Password button.
Note: The password reset field verifies password reset information by user login. Depending on your institution, login information may vary. 
View Password Recovery Notification
A notification displays stating that it may take up to 30 minutes to send password recovery instructions to your email and you may need to check your spam folder to locate the email. 
Check Email
Return to your email account and sign in. Open the Forgot Password email. (If the email is not in your Inbox, check your Spam folder.)
If your user login is associated with multiple email addresses, password reset instructions will be sent to each address.
Open Password Link
Click the Click here to set a new password link. 
Change Password
Type in a new password and then confirm that password by typing it again. Click the Update Password button.
Log in to Canvas
With your login credential and new password, log in to Canvas.When would I use ePortfolios
When would I use ePortfolios?
Use ePortfolios to:
Create an online educational journal for reflection
Create an online site that can be turned in as an online Assignment
Demonstrate mastery of course Outcomes
Share your best work from multiple courses
Showcase professional-quality work for prospective employers 
Can I export ePortfolios?
Yes. Students and instructors can export ePortfolios to a zip file. Admins can download a report of all ePortfolios in an account from the Account Settings page.
How do I get started?
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Click the Create an ePortfolio button.
You can learn more about creating an ePortfolio as a student or creating an ePortfolio as an instructor.
Note: If you cannot view the ePortfolio link in your User Account, your institution has disabled this feature.How do I join a conference in a course as a student
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
Join Conference
Next to the conference you want to join, click the Join button.
Note: You cannot join a conference until the conference host has started the conference.
Join Audio
To use your microphone during the conference, click the Microphone icon. To join the conference without enabling a microphone, click the Listen only icon. You will be able to change your audio preference once you've joined the conference.
View Chrome Microphone Permissions
To enable a microphone in a Chrome browser, click the Allow button.
View Firefox Microphone Permissions
To enable a microphone in a Firefox browser, select your microphone in the Microphone to share menu. Then click the Allow button.
Audio Test
To ensure your audio is working correctly, complete the private audio echo test. Speak a few words and if you hear audio, click the Yes icon. To choose a different microphone and repeat the audio test, click the No icon.
Note: It is recommended that you use a headset with a microphone for best audio experience.
View Conference
View the conference.
Learn how to use the Conferences interface.How do I find my unread messages in the Inbox as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
View Unread Message
All unread messages have an indicator next to the message. Once a conversation has been read, the blue dot changes to a gray circle.
Mark as Unread
If you want to mark a conversation as unread, click the read indicator. The message will now show the unread indicator.
Mark Multiple Messages
You can mark multiple conversations as unread or read by pressing the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking multiple messages, or by selecting the message checkbox.
Locate and click the settings icon and choose Mark all as unread link. 
If you select multiple unread messages, you will see Mark all as readlink.
Select Unread Conversations
To view only unread messages, open the the Inbox drop-down menu. Select the Unread link.How do I delete a quiz as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Select Quiz
If you are editing the settings of an existing quiz, click the quiz title to open the quiz. If you want to delete the entire quiz, click the Options icon, then click Delete.
Delete Quiz
You can also visit the quiz page, click the Options icon, and select the Delete link.
Confirm Deletion
A pop-up window will appear in your browser. Click OK to delete the quiz or Cancel to edit your quiz in another manner.
Note: Deleting a quiz will remove it completely from your course. If you would rather hide the quiz or make it inaccessible to submissions, you can lock the quiz or modify the access dates. If the quiz has no student submissions, you can unpublish the quiz. How do I include a course in the Public Course Index as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Set Visibility
In the visibility options, click the Include this course in the public course index checkbox.
Set Description
In the description field, enter a description for your course. 
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I create a quiz using New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link. 
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Create New Quiz
In the Choose a Quiz Engine screen, select the New Quizzes option. To save your quiz engine selection for this course, check the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button. 
Note: You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time. 
Edit Quiz Details
In the Assignment Name field, enter the name of your quiz. To enter quiz details, enter the total points possible, select the assignment group, and choose how the grade is displayed to students.
To remove this quiz from final grade calculations, click the Do not count this assignment towards the final grade checkbox.
The points possible set on the assignment details page is the total points possible for the quiz. Points set per question determine points earned for correct answers. Points earned for correct answers are totaled and divided by the sum of the total question points for the quiz. That percentage is then used to calculate the final score based on the total points set on the assignment details page. For example, if you set the total points on the assignment details page to 50 and create an quiz with 10 questions each worth 1 point, the quiz has a total of 10 points but is worth 50 points when graded. If a student answers 9 questions correctly, their quiz score is 90% (9/10). However, their final score in the Gradebook will be 45/50 (90%).
If your quiz is worth zero points, you can choose to not display the quiz in the Gradebook or student Grades page.
Anonymous Grading
Anonymous grading hides student names from graders when they view assignment submissions in SpeedGrader.
Note: Once anonymous grading is turned on for a quiz, it cannot be turned off. 
Assign Quiz
In the Assign To field, select who will be required to take the quiz. You can assign the quiz to individual students or sections.
In the Due field, select the quiz due date.
In the Available fromandUntil fields, select the availability dates for the quiz. In progress quizzes automatically submit when the Until date and time passes.
Note: If you have set section override dates in your course, you may need to select a course section and set due and availability dates that fall within the section override dates.
Save Quiz
To save your quiz details, click the Save button. To save and publish your quiz, click the Save & Publish button.
Clicking the Save or Save & Publish button returns you to the page where you opened the quiz.
Open Build Page
To open the New Quizzes build page and add questions and content to your quiz, click the Build button.
If you clicked the Save or Save & Publish button and returned to the page where you opened the quiz, you can click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Build Quiz
In the Build page, you can edit the title and description of your quiz, view your item banks, align the quiz to outcomes, preview the quiz from the student view, and navigate the quiz.
You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your quiz instructions.
Add Content
To add content to your quiz, click the Add button.
To insert content from an item bank, click the Item Bank button. To create a new question, click the button for the question type or add stimulus content.
The following question types are available in New Quizzes:
Categorization
Essay
File Upload
Fill in the Blank
Formula
Hot Spot
Matching
Multiple Answer
Multiple Choice
Numeric
Ordering
True or False
Edit Question
For each question, you can enter a question title, question stem, and answers. You may also select options specific to the question, align the question to an outcome, and add the question to an item bank. 
In the Points field, adjust the point value for the question by entering a number or clicking the arrow buttons. To add general student feedback, click the Feedback icon.
To save the question, click the Done button.
Note: Essay questions do not include an answer field and must be graded manually.
Delete Question
To delete a question, click the Delete icon. The page will confirm you want to remove the item.
Open Question Navigator
To open the Question Navigator and view your quiz, click the Expand icon.
View Question Navigator
In the Question Navigator, you can view each question number, question type, point total, question stem, and total question points.
To view a question in the quiz, click the question stem. You will be taken to the question within the quiz.
To manually reorder questions, click and hold the Move icon. Drag the question to where you want it to display in the quiz.
Return to Quizzes Page
To close your quiz and return to the Quizzes page, click the Return button.How do I view my Microsoft Office 365 files in Canvas as a student
Open Office 365
In Course Navigation, click the Office 365 link.
Log in to Office 365
You may be asked to authenticate your account. Click the Log In button. 
In an external window, enter your Office 365 email (or phone number) and password.
View OneDrive
View the files and folders in your OneDrive folder. 
OneDrive displays file name and the date it was modified. Files display the file size.
Search for Files
To search for a file, enter the name of the file and press the Enter (Return) key.
View Search Results
OneDrive returns file results related to your search.
Open File
To open a file, click the name of the file.
View File
View the file in Microsoft Word online. You can edit the document directly in your browser if necessary.
Log Out
If you have multiple OneDrive accounts and need to log out, click the Logout link. You can log in again using a different OneDrive account and view those files in Canvas.How do I manage video options in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Video Options
To manage video options for a video previously uploaded in the Rich Content Editor, select the video, then click the Video Options button. 
Note: The Video Options button will not display for videos embedded from other websites.
Manage Video Options
To edit the video title, use the Title field. 
By default, videos created or uploaded using the Rich Content Editor will display as an embedded video. To display as a text link that will open in a new tab when clicked, select the Display Text Link option. 
To manage an embedded video's size, select the Size drop-down. 
Any closed caption or subtitle files that have been added will display in the Closed Captions/Subtitles section. To remove a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Delete icon. To a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Add icon. 
Notes: 
SRT and VTT caption files are supported in the Rich Content Editor.
Users can view video captions in the Canvas apps. However, iOS devices can only display captions in WebVTT format. If you use another format besides WebVTT, users on iOS devices will not be able to display the video captions.
Save Video Options
To save your changes, click the Done button. How do I filter the Calendar view by course as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
After clicking the Calendar link, you will see the Calendar for all your enrolled courses and groups. 
Choose Courses to View
In order to filter your Calendar by courses or groups, click the color box next to the Calendar. The calendar can show up to 10 courses and/or groups at a time. In this example, not all of the calendars are being shown.
Note: Canvas will assign an arbitrary color for each calendar unless a custom color is chosen. Each calendar contains 15 default colors, but you can create any color of your choice by selecting the More icon and inserting a Hex code.How do I view Discussions as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Note: If the Discussions link is not available in Course Navigation, you can access course discussions through the Modules page.
View Discussions
Discussions are organized into three main areas. 
Discussions: These are current discussions within the course. Discussions are ordered by most recent activity. You will only see this section heading if there are discussions within this section.  
Pinned Discussions: These are discussions that your instructor wants you to pay specific attention to and will appear at the top of the Discussions page. You will only see this section heading if there are discussions within this section as designated by your instructor.  
Closed for Comments: These discussions have been manually closed for comments, or the discussion is past the available from/until date. These are discussions that are only available in a read-only state and are ordered by most recent activity. You will always see this section heading, even if there are no discussions within this section.
View Individual Discussion
Each discussion displays whether or not it is a graded discussion, the name of the discussion, the date on which the last discussion reply was posted, the due date (if any), the number of unread/total posts in the discussion, and whether or not you are subscribed to the discussion.
You can also view availability dates for individual discussions.
An unread icon next to a discussion indicates an unread discussion. The number of unread/total posts will not appear for group discussions and discussions that have no discussion replies.
There will also be a peer review icon if a gradeddiscussion has been assigned peer reviews.
View Availability Dates
The first dates you may see are the availability dates. Your instructor may use availability dates to restrict discussion replies to a specified date range. The availability dates are the range of time that the discussion is accessible to you. Availability dates also appear on the Assignments page for all discussions with assigned availability dates.
If the discussion does not have a date listed, the discussion is open; you can reply to the discussion at any time during your course. 
If the discussion says Not Available Until [date], the discussion is locked until the specified date.
If the discussion says Available until[date], you can reply to the discussion until the specified date.
If the discussion is in the Closed for Comments section, the discussion cannot accept submissions. Discussions in this section may show a "Was locked at [date]" to indicate when the discussion was closed for comments. 
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm. 
View Due Dates
The second set of dates are the due dates for each respective discussion. However, due dates only apply to graded discussions. Any replies to discussions after the due date are marked as late; some instructors may deduct points for late replies. You can still reply to late discussion before the Available until date.
Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date.
Due dates also include a time. If your instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
Filter Discussions
There are a few ways to filter Discussions:
View All or only unread discussions by selecting an option from the drop-down menu.
Search for a discussion by typing a discussion title, a user name, or a keyword in the Searchfield.
Start a new discussion by clicking the Add Discussionbutton. (Note: Some instructors may choose to disable this option.)
Change the discussions settings to manually mark posts as read by clicking the Settingsicon.
Open Discussion
To view the details of a discussion, click the name of the discussion.
View Open Discussion
When a discussion is available for participation, you can view the Reply field beneath the discussion topic. To reply to the discussion, click the Reply button.
The discussion also shows the discussion topic and the name of the person who created the discussion. 
Notes: 
If your discussion looks different than what is displayed in this lesson, you can reference the Discussions Redesign guides for more information.
The Discussions page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Graded Discussion
If your discussion is a graded discussion, you can view the discussion the same way as regular discussions with additional information:
Graded Discussion details:points and due date for the graded discussion, if any. Not all graded discussions may have a due date.
Rubric:any grading criteria that your instructor has provided for the graded discussion. A graded discussion may or may not include a rubric. Before submitting your reply, you may want to review the discussion rubric.
If you were to miss the due date, you may be able to submit a reply to the discussion before the last day of the course. If the graded discussion does not have a due date, you can submit a reply any time before the last day of the course.
View Discussion with Required Replies
If you are unable view responses from other students, you may be required to make a reply before you can view them. Once you reply to the discussion, any other replies will be visible.
View Group Discussion
If a discussion is a group discussion, you will be directed to Discussions in your group.
View Locked Discussion
When a discussion is locked, you can't view any details in the discussion topic. However, you can view the date when the discussion will be open.
View Closed Discussion
Both graded- and non-graded discussions can be closed at any time. Your instructor may note in the description topic or syllabus if a discussion is only scheduled to be available for a specific period of time.
When a discussion has been closed for comments, you can still view the details of the discussion topic and any replies, but you can no longer reply to the discussion.
The discussion was either available until a specific date, or your instructor manually closed the topic.How do I move account outcomes and outcome groups in Improved Outcomes Management as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Move Outcome Group
Select Outcome Group
To move an outcome group, click the name of the group.
Open Move Window
Click the Options icon. Then click the Move link.
Move Outcome Group
You can move the outcome group so it is organized within another outcome group.
To select the outcome group where you want to move your outcome group, click the name of the group. To create a new outcome group to move your existing outcome group, click the Create New Group link.
If your outcome group is already organized within another outcome group, you can move your group to the account level by clicking the name of the account.
To move your outcome group, click the Move button.
Move Outcome
Select Outcome
To move an outcome, click the outcome group where the outcome belongs. Then find the outcome you want to move.
Click the Options icon for the outcome. Then click the Move link.
Move Outcome or Outcome Group
To move multiple outcomes, click the checkboxes next to the outcomes you want to move. 
The Outcomes page displays the number of outcomes you have selected. To view the names of the selected outcomes, click the # Outcomes Selected link. You can select outcomes from multiple outcome groups without losing previously selected outcomes.
To move your selected outcomes, click the Move button.
You can move outcomes so they are organized within an outcome group.
To select the outcome group where you want to move your outcome(s), click the name of the group. To create a new outcome group to move your existing outcome group, click the Create New Group link.
If your outcomes are already organized within an outcome group, you can move outcomes to the account level by clicking the name of the account.
To move your outcome(s), click the Move button.How do I use the Accessibility Checker in the Rich Content Editor as a student
View Accessibility Checker Notifications
If any accessibility issues are detected within the Rich Content Editor, the Accessibility Checker display an indicator.
To view accessibility issues, click the Accessibility Checker icon. 
View Issues
When an issue is detected, the Rich Content Editor highlights the affected area. The sidebar displays the accessibility attribute and an explanation of the error. To learn more about the accessibility attribute, click the Information icon.
View Additional Issues
If the Rich Content Editor contains more than one issue, you can view all issues by clicking the Previous or Next buttons.
Apply Fix
To correct an issue, complete the task as noted in the sidebar. For instance, if the issue requires that alt text be added to an image, the sidebar displays a text field for you to enter alt text.
When you are finished with your changes, click the Apply button.
The Accessibility Checker will apply the fix and display information for the next issue. Continue to review and fix any detected issues within the editor.
Confirm Fix
When all issues have been fixed, or if no issues are detected in the Rich Content Editor, the sidebar indicates that no issues exist and will close automatically.How do I attach a file to a discussion reply as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion you want to participate in.
Create Reply
Create a new discussion entry by clicking the Reply text field.
Attach File
After adding content using the Rich Content Editor to the discussion reply, click the Attach link. 
Note: If you cannot attach a file, this feature has been disabled.
Browse for File
Depending on your browser, click the Choose File or Browse button to locate personal files on your computer.
Select File Upload
In the file window, locate and click the name of the file. Click the Choose or Open button.
Note: You can only upload one attachment in your reply.
Post Reply
Click the Post Reply button.
View Discussion Reply
View your discussion reply. Your attached file will appear under the text.How do I disable announcement replies for an entire course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Disable Comments on Announcements
Check the Disable comments on announcements checkbox.
Note: If the checkbox is grayed out, comments have already been disabled by your institution and cannot be changed.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I edit a grading scheme in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Grading Scheme
If the checkbox has not been selected, click the Enable course grading scheme checkbox.
Open Grading Scheme
Click the Grading Scheme drop-down menu and then click a grading scheme.
View and Edit Grading Scheme
To view and edit the grading scheme, click the View button.
Note: You can also edit a grading scheme by clicking the Manage All Grading Schemes link.
Edit Grading Scheme
You can edit the grading scheme by clicking the Edit button.
Notes: 
You can only edit grading schemes that have not been used for grading.
You cannot edit account level grading schemes in a course.
Edit Grading Scheme Details
Edit the title in the Grading Scheme Name field. 
You can choose to have the grading scheme by percentage or points. 
For each line item, edit the grading scheme name in the Letter Grade field. 
Edit the minimum end of each individual range in the To [Number] % field.
Add Range
If you need to add ranges, click the Add button. 
You can remove individual ranges by clicking the Delete button. 
When you are finished editing your grading scheme, click the Save button. 
View Edited Grading Scheme
View the edited grading scheme.How do I compare the weekly online activity chart graph with a section or student filter in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
Filter Data
Click the Filter field. Type the name of a section or student. Canvas will populate all matching results. 
When the item displays in the menu, click the item name.
You can also click the Filter field and scroll to locate and select a section or student. 
View Additional Filters
To add another filter, locate the additional filter. The Filter field supports up to three filters. The All Sections filter cannot be removed.
View Filtered Results
The added filter displays in the analytics results. Each filter is identified by a specific color and displays as a data point within the table.
When viewing filters, the default shape for each color is a circle, but you can choose to enable shapes for improved contrast by clicking the Chart Options icon and selecting the Display Shapes option.
View Data Comparison
To view a summary for a specific result, hover over a data point in the graph.
To view data for a specific result, click the data point in the graph.
View Data Tray
In the data tray, you can view expanded details for the data point, including the date range, the last time analytics were updated, the current filter view, total page views, total participations, and the student and resources tables.
To download a CSV of the data, click the Download CSV link.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV zip file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
The downloaded zip file includes CSV files for chart data, student table data, and resources table data.
CSV files may display a student's full name, sortable name, week start, filters, average and total page views, average and total participations, and the resource URL path.How do I close a discussion for comments in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Close from Discussions Page
To close a discussion from the index page, locate the discussion. Click the Options icon and click the Close for Comments link. 
Open for Comments
To open a discussion for comments, locate the Closed for Comments section. Locate the discussion and click the Options icon, then click the Open for Comments link.
Close from Individual Discussion
To close comments within an individual discussion, click the title of the discussion.
Close for Comments
Click the Options icon, then click the Close for Comments link.
Note: The same steps apply when closing comments in Discussions Redesign.
Open for Comments
To open a discussion for comments, click the Options icon and click the Open for Comments link.
Note: The same steps apply when opening comments in Discussions Redesign.How do I retrieve assignments from previous courses in my ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open Page
Click the title of the page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Open Course Submission
Click the Course Submission link to retrieve assignments from previous courses.
Select Assignment
Click the assignment to add it to the page. You can only select one assignment submission at a time, but you can choose to add more than one submission to the page.
All assignments you have ever submitted will be listed in chronological order with the newer assignments appearing at the top and the older assignments appearing near the bottom. Click the Select Submission button.
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
The assignment submissions can now be viewed on your page. Assignments that were submitted as a file can be downloaded by clicking the file name.How do I export grades in the Gradebook as an instructor
00:00:How do I export grades in the Gradebook?
00:03:In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
00:07:Click the Export button.
00:10:Click the Export Current Gradebook View link.
00:13:If you are using grading periods and want all grading periods included in your CSV file, click the Export Entire Gradebook link.
00:21:If you navigate away from the page during the export, the CSV file will appear as a previous download in the Export menu so it can be downloaded again. The Gradebook allows you to view a previous export. If you made changes to the Gradebook after exporting a file and want to export a new file, click the Export link again.
00:42:Edit the scores in Microsoft Excel. Make sure to save the file as a CSV file type. Once you have made changes, you can upload it to your course.
00:53:This guide covered how to export grades in the Gradebook.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Export Scores
Click the Export button, then click the Export Current Gradebook View link.
If you are using grading periods and want all grading periods included in your CSV file, click the Export Entire Gradebook link.
When the export is completed, Canvas downloads the CSV file automatically to your computer. 
View Exported Scores
If you navigate away from the page during the export, the CSV file will appear as a previous download in the Export menu so it can be downloaded again. The Gradebook allows you to view a previous export.
If you made changes to the Gradebook after exporting a file and want to export a new file, click the Export link again.
Notes: 
Gradebook export files include the date and time of the download to differentiate between multiple exports. The export filename format is YYYY-MM-DDTHHMM, followed by the course name.
Gradebook export files automatically save to your user files in an Unfiled folder.
Edit Scores
Edit the scores in Microsoft Excel. Make sure to save the file as a CSV file type.
Once you have made changes, you can upload it to your course. 
View Read-Only Columns
The CSV download includes read-only columns displaying current and final scores. These columns display for each assignment group in a course and for final course grades. 
Current Points: Reflects points for graded assignments
Final Points: Reflects points for all assignments
Current Score: Reflects scores for graded, posted assignments
Unposted Current Score: Reflects scores for graded assignments and includes hidden assignments
Final Score: Reflects overall score including unsubmitted assignments as zero but excluding hidden assignments
Unposted Final Score: Reflects total score, including unsubmitted assignments as zero and hidden assignments
Current Grade: Reflects course grade based on graded, posted assignments
Unposted Current Grade: Reflects course grade based on graded assignments, including hidden assignments but excluding unsubmitted assignments
Final Grade: Reflects overall course grade including unsubmitted assignments as zero but excluding hidden assignments
Unposted Final Grade: Reflects overall course grade, including unsubmitted assignments as zero and hidden assignmentsHow do I link to a YouTube video in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Appsoption, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open YouTube
Click the YouTube link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Search Videos
Enter a search term in the Search field. Then press Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) on your keyboard.
To view more information about a search option, click the video name.
Embed Video
To embed the video in the Rich Content Editor, click the Embed button. 
To manage the video embed options, click the Embed drop-down menu. You can select to embed a video hyperlink, or you can select to embed a small, medium, or large version of the video in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Video
View the embedded video in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button to save any changes made in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
To view the embedded video, click the Play icon. 
To view the linked video in a new browser tab, click the video link. To expand the linked video to view in Canvas, click the Play icon.How do I submit a Google Assignments LTI 1
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Open Google Drive
Click the Open to attach and submit button.
Add Assignment
To add an existing file, click the Add files button.
To create a new file, click the Create drop-down menu and select a file type.
Select Assignment
You can choose from recent files, your Drive files, or upload files.
Google Drive displays only accepted file types for the assignment. Click the name of the file(s), then click the Add button. 
Submit Assignment
Click the Submit button.
View Submission Confirmation
To confirm your submission, click the Submit link.
After you submit your assignment, a message displays notifying you that your submission is processing. You can navigate away from the assignment submission page without disrupting the file upload
View Submission
View the confirmation of your assignment submission. 
To revise your work, edit your attachments in Google Drive and click the Resubmit button.
View Submission in Canvas
View the confirmation of your assignment submission in Canvas. How do I create Likert scale quiz questions as an instructor
Create Survey
After clicking the Quizzes link, either create or edit a quiz. Make sure the quiz type is set as either a Graded or Ungraded Survey.
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Multiple Dropdowns question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Add a Table 
After adding in any preliminary instructions, click the table icon in the Rich Content Editor and choose two columns and as many rows as you need (one per statement) to contain the entire Likert scale of items. In this example, there are three rows.
Note:To view the Table icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Add Likert Items as Statements and Answer Choice Boxes
Each row of the table will be a distinct Likert item, which is a statement with answer choice boxes, and users can select how strongly they agree or disagree with that statement. 
Create a name for the answer choice boxes, and use square brackets to frame the answer choice boxes. In this example, we made expectations, feedback, and answered questions the reference words to create answer choices for the three statements and set them up as [expectations], [feedback], and [answered-questions].
Note: Likert items cannot contain spaces. You can separate multiple word Likert items with hyphens. 
Add Responses as Possible Answers for Each Likert Item
Each Likert item needs to have its own listing of responses as possible answers. 
Select each Possible Response and add as many Answers as possible, with consistent Answer Text. You will have to input the Answer Text for each answer choice box. For example, [expectations], [feedback], and [answered-questions] will all need to have each possible response added separately. 
Select the first reference item from the drop-down list. Then fill in the Likert responses. The standard five-point Likert responses are:
Strongly disagree
Disagree
Neither agree nor disagree
Agree
Strongly agree
Learn more about multiple dropdown questions. 
When you are finished, select the second reference item and repeat the process of filling in the Likert responses. 
Repeat this process until all reference items are associated with Likert response options.
Enter Feedback Text
You can also create general answer comments for the survey question as a whole. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field as soon as they submit the quiz. 
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Question
This is what the question will look like in a quiz. Each statement will show the drop-down menu with the Likert statements. Students can select their opinion that goes along with each statement. 
Make sure each statement has every possible answer response added correctly.
Student View for Responses
When you view the quiz results, Canvas will show you the answers each student selected. Students will also be able to see their answer choices if you allow them to see their responses.How do I cross-list a section in a course as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the child course link.
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Section
Click the section name link of the section you want to cross-list.
Cross-List Section
Click the Cross-List this Section button.
Search for Course
In the Search for Course field, enter the name of the course into which you are cross-listing (the parent course). Or, in the Course ID field, enter the ID number for the course.
Note: Enter the name or course ID of the parent, or main, course into which you are cross-listing all other sections or courses.
Cross-List this Section
Confirm you have selected the correct course. Click the Cross-List This Section button.
Confirm Cross-Listing
The cross-listed section now appears in the new course. The breadcrumbs display the new course code.
Re-Cross-List Section
Sections can only be in one course at a time. If you need to cross-list the section into a different course, click the Re-Cross-List this Section button. How do I embed a Lucid document in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features that support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Lucid
To open Lucid, click the Lucid app icon. 
Notes: 
To view the Lucid icon, you may have to click the Options icon. If the icon still does not display, Lucid may not be enabled for your institution.
You can also access Lucid in the Rich Content Editor as you would to embed any document from an external app.
If this is the first time you are accessing Lucid from Canvas in this course, you may be required to answer questions about your role and age. You may also be required to set up and connect to a Lucid account.
Select File
Select a file and click the Continue button.
Select Embed Settings
You can select the type of access others have to your embedded document.
In Access Settings, click one of the following radio buttons:
Edit: other users can edit, view, or leave comments in the embedded document.
Comment only: other users can view the embedded document and add comments.
View only: other user can view the embedded document.
Click the Insert button.
Select View Only Options
If you choose the View only access setting, you can choose which pages to display and which Lucid viewer type to use.
To enable or disable the embedded document to automatically update, click the Automatically update the document when the integration loads checkbox.
Insert File
To embed the file, click the Insert button.
View Embedded File
View the embedded Lucid document in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button.
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button.
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.Where can I find my peers' feedback for peer reviewed assignments using Assignment Enhancements as a student
View Recent Feedback
Under Recent Feedback in the sidebar of your Canvas course, you can view recent comments from peer reviewed assignments. Click the title of the assignment to view all submission details and comments. 
View Submission Details Page
To view peer review comments, click the View Feedback button.
View Feedback
View feedback including comments, emojis (if enabled), attached files, or media files.
Notes:
When assignment grades are hidden, you can view peer review comments. However, instructor comments are hidden until after assignment are posted.
When peer reviews are anonymous, you can leave submission and rubric comments, but annotated submission comments are not supported.
For group assignments, peer review comments display for all reviews of your group's submission.
View Feedback in Grades
Peer review comments can also be viewed on your Grades page.
View Rubric
If your assignment includes a rubric, you can view peer review rubric assessments.
To view the rubric assessment, click the View Rubric link.
View the peer review rubric assessment, including ratings and comments.
If your assignment was reviewed by multiple people, click the Select Grader drop-down menu to select other rubric assessments.How do I edit a KB entry in the Field Admin Console as an admin
Open Customer KB
Click the Customer KB tab.
Open Account KB
Click the name of the account you want to view.
Open Entry
To edit an existing KB entry, click the entry's Options icon, then click the Edit link.
Edit Entry Details
A modal displays in which you can edit the KB entry.
You can edit the Customer KB in which the entry is located, roles affected by the entry, the entry name, and the entry's priority. 
You can also manage information included in the entry such as details for Canvas Support, key words, the title for your users, and details for your users. 
Lastly, you can view and manage any update requests added by Canvas Support for the entry. 
Save Entry
To save your changes to the KB entry, click the Save button. 
To save this KB entry and create a new KB entry, click the Save & New button.
To exit the modal without saving changes, click the Cancel button.How do I create outcome groups for a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Add Outcome Group
Click the New Group button.
Create Outcome Group
Type a Learning Outcome group name in the Name this group field. Type a description in the Rich Content Editor. Click the Save button.
View Outcome Group
View the Outcome group. You can create new outcomes within the group by creating a new outcome. You can also move outcomes and outcome groups into the new group.How do I delete a user from an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Delete User
Locate the Delete from [account title] link to delete the user.
Confirm Deletion
After clicking on the delete link, you will be asked if you are sure you want to delete the user. If you are sure, click the Delete [User Name]button.
Note: This will remove the user's data (including grades and ePortfolios) from all courses and groups.What are SIS Imports
When would I use SIS imports?
With SIS imports, you can:
Import SIS data with CSV files or automatically import via the Canvas API
Import SIS data with IMS Enterprise Specification XML zip files
Import SIS data with Banner Grade Exchange Results XML
Create an automated data integration with Canvas
Import Types
The SIS Import page supports a few formats for standard imports to Canvas: Instructure formatted CSV or zipfile of CSVs, IMS Enterprise Specification XML zip, or Banner Grade Exchange Results XML. 
A standard import only processes changes that are specifically listed in the upload file and is an efficient way to upload a few records. For example, if a student enrollment was listed as active in a prior import but not present in the current enrollment, no change will take place to the student enrollment. The enrollment will remain active until marked as deleted or completed in a standard import (or is marked as not present in a Full Batch update for the term where the course is listed). During the beginning of a term, course enrollments change regularly; submitting a standard import frequently helps keep enrollments current in an account. 
When uploading SIS data with CSV files, you may import an individual CSV text file or you may compress multiple files into a single ZIP file to bulk import data. If you are using the Instructure format for importing files, the files should be in the following order: users, accounts, terms, courses, sections, enrollments, and logins.
Full Batch Updates
Canvas supports full batch updates for each import type. This option will only affect data that has been involved in a previous SIS job – either created by a previous import, or referenced by a SIS job after a SIS ID was manually added. Manually created courses with no SIS ID, for example, won't be deleted even if they don't appear in the new SIS import.
For enrollments, this option means the linked user and course/sections require SIS IDs. A Canvas record will be deleted if it is not included in the current import file. 
This option can delete large data sets without any prompt or warning for confirmation and affects data created in previous SIS imports.
Full batch updates are useful if:
Your source SIS software doesn't have a way to send delete records as part of an import, and you need to remove a fair portion of the imported data
You want to be sure your current enrollment and data set are consistent with your SIS enrollment and course data
Your SIS doesn't track changes to course state or enrollments for students and/or teachers
You want to delete courses that you have migrated to Canvas from another LMS
Multi Term Batch Mode
If you want to run a batch against all terms in the same import, you can enable multi term batch mode. This mode can only be enabled in the API and requires a change threshold as noted in the SIS Import Format Documentation. 
UI Overrides
Canvas supports user interface (UI) overrides through SIS imports. When a user makes changes to certain data fields in Canvas (e.g., a user's name), this change is "sticky" and is set as the new default. Selecting the Override UI option allows Canvas to overwrite any "sticky" data updated in the Canvas UI. Otherwise, attempting an import with conflicting data would be disregarded and the existing user data would not be changed. To view the full list of "sticky" data fields, see the SIS Imported Format Documentation.
This option may be useful if:
You forgot to restrict user options in account settings, such as allowing users to change their names, delete their institution-assigned email address, etc., and you want to run an update to be sure they are in sync. Note that this will NOT impact the user's display name if they changed it. Only the full name and sortable name would be changed.
You allowed them to change their names (above example) on purpose, but want to periodically sync with your current data.
You want to maintain control over the names of users and courses, or if you know a name change occurred for a user or course.
Overriding UI changes also allows one of two additional options: process as UI changes or clear UI-changed state.
Process as UI changes. This option overrides changes that have taken place in the UI as "sticky" data; all data acts as if the changes were actually manually updated in the UI.
This option may be useful if:
You don't want subsequent imports to overwrite the data you are currently importing.
Clear UI-changed state. This option removes the "stickiness" of all data that exists in this import; future imports with this data will not indicate any data in the UI as "sticky".
This option may be useful if:
You accidentally checked the "Process as UI changes" option and you need to fix the affected data.
You forgot to remove the ability for users to rename themselves, course names, or remove the institutional email and you want to clear the stickiness of the UI changes that have occurred.How do I view concluded enrollments in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Prior Enrollments
In the Options drop-down menu, click the View Prior Enrollments link.
View Prior Enrollments
All concluded enrollments can be viewed in prior enrollments. Deleted enrollments do NOT appear in the prior enrollments. 
All prior enrollments will be listed alphabetically by last name. To view account details for a prior user, click the name of the user. As when viewing user details for an active student, the prior user's detail page may a sidebar that may include links to additional information about the user, such as grades, user interactions, analytics, and outcomes. How do I align an outcome with a rubric in a course as an instructor
Open Rubrics
In Course Navigation, click the Rubrics link.
Open Rubric
Click the name of a rubric.
Create Rubric
To create a new rubric, click the Add Rubric button.
Edit Rubric
Click the Edit Rubric button.
Find Outcome
Click the Find Outcome link.
Import Outcome
Locate and select the outcome you want to align. 
If you want to use the criterion for scoring, click the Use this criterion for scoring checkbox. Selecting this checkbox displays the point value of the criterion directly in the rubric and contributes to the overall rubric point value. However, if this checkbox is not selected, the point value will not be factored into the rubric. The criterion point value will not be displayed after the rubric is updated.
Click the Import button.
Note: Available outcomes may vary by institution.
Confirm Import
Click the OK button.
Update Rubric
View the aligned outcome. Click the Update Rubric button.How do I like a reply in a course announcement in Announcements Redesign as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Like Announcement Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
Like Threaded Announcement Reply
To view threaded replies, click the # of replies link. 
To like a threaded reply, click the reply's Like icon. 
View Liked Announcement Reply
The Like icon will fill in, indicating you have liked the reply.
The Like icon also displays the total number of times a reply has been liked.How do I use the Training Services Portal as an admin
Open Help Menu
In the Canvas Global Navigation menu, click the Help link.
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help link name and icon may vary.
Open Training Services Portal
Click the Training Services Portal link.
Notes:
The Training Services Portal is only available to admin-, instructor-, and designer-based roles or users without an assigned role
If the Training Services Portal link does not display in your Help menu, you must enable it in account settings.
Authorize Account
To use the Training Services Portal, you must authorize the Training Portal to access your Canvas account. 
Two modals display when accessing the Training Portal the first time. To authorize use of your account, click the Authorize buttons. In the future, only the Canvas Training Portal Authorization modal will display. 
Note: If you are not authenticated in your Canvas Instance, you will be prompted to enter your Canvas URL before accessing the Training Portal.
Training Portal Visibility
By default, users with admin permissions view the Training Portal as an admin. 
To view the Training Portal as a learner, click the User drop-down and select the Learner option. 
View Completion Report
By default, the Data and Analytics page displays.
On the Completion Report tab, you can view completion data such as the enrolled user, the offering, type, and completion status. 
To generate a new report, click the New Report button. How do I delete a message from a conversation as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Message
Click the Options icon and then click the Delete option.
Note: You can only select one message to delete at a time.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button to delete the message. 
Note: You can only delete your copy of the message. You cannot delete the message for all recipients.How do I subscribe to a discussion in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Subscribe on Discussions Index Page
You can subscribe to an entire discussion from the Discussions index page. Locate the discussion you want to subscribe to and click the Subscribe icon. 
Note: The Subscribe icon fills in when you are subscribed. 
Unsubscribe on Discussions Index Page
To unsubscribe from a discussion, locate the discussion you want to unsubscribe from and click the Unsubscribe icon. 
Note: The Unsubscribe icon displays as an outline when you are unsubscribed. 
Subscribe within Discussion
You can also subscribe within a discussion. Click the name of the discussion you want to subscribe to.
Subscribe to Discussion 
Click the Subscribe icon. 
Note: The Subscribe icon displays filled in when you are subscribed to the discussion topic.
Unsubscribe from Discussion
To unsubscribe from a discussion, click the Unsubscribe icon. 
Note: The Unsubscribe icon displays as an outline when you are unsubscribed from a discussion.How do I find an existing outcome to add to an account in Improved Outcomes Management as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Find Outcomes
To find and add an Outcome at the root level course outcome group, click the Find button.
To find and add an Outcome in a specific outcomes group, select an outcome group. In the outcome group, click the Options icon, then select the Add Outcomes option.
Add Outcomes
Click the name of an outcome group.
View the outcome for the outcome group. You can adjust the size of the Outcome Group and Outcome windows by clicking and dragging the divider bar.
To locate a specific outcome, you can enter the outcome name in the Search field.
When you have located an outcome, click the Add button for that outcome. When an outcome has been added, the outcome displays an Added label.
To add all outcomes in a group, click the Add All Outcomes button.
To return to the account Outcomes page, click the Done button.
View Outcome
View the imported outcomes.
Outcomes are imported to either the main account outcome level or the selected outcome group. Learn how to move outcomes or outcome groups.How do I set a time zone in my user account as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Set User Time Zone
In the Time Zone drop-down menu, select a new time zone for your user account.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Time Zone
View the time zone for your user account.How do I create a conference in a course as an instructor
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
Add Conference
Click the Add Conference button.
Add Conference Details
To create a new conference, type a name for the conference in the Name field.
You can set a time limit on how long invited members are able to join the conference, enter the number of minutes in the Duration in Minutes field. The time limit begins when the presenter starts the conference. Once the duration has expired, new participants are unable to join and the conference continues until the last person leaves the conference room or the conference organizer concludes the conference.
You can enable recording options for this conference, select the Enable recording for this conference checkbox.
To set a time limit for the conference, you can create a long-running conference by selecting the No time limit (for long-running conferences) checkbox. This option removes the time limit in the duration field.
To add a waiting room to your conference, select the Enable waiting room checkbox.
If you want to add it to your course calendar for students to see, select the Add to Calendar checkbox.
To create a description of your conference, type a description in the Description field. 
Invite Course Members
You can add any user in your course to your conference. However, once a user has been invited, the user cannot be removed from the conference.
By default, all members in the course will be invited to the conference. 
To remove all course observers from the conference invitation, select the Remove All Course Observer Members checkbox. When this checkbox is selected all course members except observers are invited to the conference.
You can manage the following attendee settings:
Share webcam: allows attendees to share their webcam.
See other viewers webcams: allows attendees to see others viewers webcams.
Share microphone: allows attendees to share their microphone.
Send public chat messages: allows attendees to send public chat messages.
Send private chat messages: allows attendees to send private chat messages.
Note: Conferences can accommodate as many users as needed, though the recommended guideline is a limit of 25 users. 
Invite Members
To select specific sections, groups, or members of your course, deselect the Invite All Course Members checkbox. 
To invite one or more course sections, click the checkbox(es) for the section(s).
To invite one or more groups, click the checkbox(es) for the group(s).
To invite one or more individual members, click the checkbox(es) for the member(s).
Create Conference
To save the conference settings, click the Create button.
Note: Students invited to a conference will not receive a notification in Canvas. However, depending on the student's notification settings, they may receive a notification via email, text, and/or push notifications. To notify students of a conference in Canvas, consider adding an announcement, assignment, or calendar event. 
View Conference
View your created conference.How do I get help with Canvas as an observer
Open Help
At the bottom of Global Navigation, click the Help link.
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help link name and icon may vary.
View Default Links
Five default help links may display for observer users:
Search the Canvas Guides: Search the Canvas Guides for information about features inside of Canvas
COVID-19 Canvas Resources: Users can view resources for teaching and learning online
Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms: Users can view and search guides and resources for using Conferences in remote classrooms and online learning
Report a Problem: Submit problems with Canvas to our support team
Submit a Feature Idea: Submit ideas about how to make Canvas better
Note: Depending on your institution, not all default links may be available in your Help Menu.
View Custom Links
Your institution may reorder or remove the default links. 
Your institution may remove or modify which link displays as the featured link and which link displays the New label. 
Lastly, your institution can include custom links in the Help menu. Custom links may include pages to phone numbers, support information, and other resources.
Search Canvas Guides
The Search the Canvas Guides link helps you search Canvas documentation for information about features in Canvas. 
COVID-19 Canvas Resources
The COVID-19 Canvas Resources link allows users to view tips for learning online using Canvas. 
View Web Conferencing Resources
The Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms link allows users to access guides and resources for using web conferencing in remote classrooms and online courses. This link may not appear in your Canvas Help menu.
Report a Problem
The Report a Problem link helps you report problems in Canvas.
You may find a faster response to your question by searching the Canvas Guides. But if you can't find an answer, you can submit a ticket and get support help.
Submit Ticket
In the Subject field, create a subject for your ticket.
In the Description field, describe the problem you are experiencing in Canvas. Please be as detailed as possible to help troubleshoot the problem. 
The following information helps the Canvas support team more quickly resolve your question(s):
A link to the user or name and email of the user.
A link to the location where the error is occurring.
A summary of what is occurring.
A screencast or screenshot of what is occurring.
The steps you have taken for the Canvas support team to replicate what you are experiencing.
What resolutions you have already tried (i.e. cleared cache and cookies).
If you submit tickets frequently, you may prefer to use a screencasting program to create an online link to an image or create a video walkthrough. However, if you're not comfortable using online links, you can submit attachments later if necessary; once you submit the ticket, you'll receive an email from the support team. You can reply to the email with any attachment as needed.
Additional information to help the Canvas support team:
If any files are involved, please provide a copy of the file.
If it is a custom tool issue, please provide the name of the tool.
If there are any previous cases that may pertain to your question, please provide those case numbers.
In the How is this affecting you? drop-down menu, select the statement that best describes how the problem is affecting you: 
Just a casual question, comment, idea, suggestion
I need some help but it's not urgent
Something's broken but I can work around it for now
I can't get things done until I hear back from you
EXTREMELY CRITICAL EMERGENCY
When you're done, click the Submit Ticket button.
Depending on your institution's support schedule, you'll receive a reply as soon as possible. 
Request a Feature
The Submit a Feature Idea link allows you to submit feature ideas to Canvas. This link directs to the Feature Ideas space in the Canvas Community.
View Release Notes
If enabled by your institution, you can view release note links from the Help Menu. Release notes describe new and updated features added to the Canvas interface. The Help Menu displays the last ten release notes posted for the observer role. You may also see notes for admin and instructor roles, if you have been assigned one of those roles in a course.
To view a release note document, click the link for the release. The document contains a user summary of release information relevant to observers. The Help Menu also includes a short description and the date the release notes were published.
The Help Menu displays a numbered badge for any release notes that have not been viewed. To hide the numbered badge, click the Show badges for new release notes button.
Note: Feature options are not mentioned in release notes until the feature will become a default feature for all users.How do I create a new page in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Create a New Page
Click the Add Page button.
Add Content
Type a name for your page. Edit the content and add links and media using the Rich Content Editor or switch to the HTML Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Edit Page Settings
You can decide who can edit the page by selecting the Users allowed to edit this page drop down menu. You can also notify users that content has changed by selecting the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: If you try to navigate away from a page without saving, a pop-up warning will be generated.
View Page
View the page you created.How do I view bounced email notifications for users in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Tools link.
Open Bounced Emails
Click the Bounced Emails tab.
Search Bounced Emails
To view all bounced email notifications in your account, click the Search button.
Filter Bounced Emails
To find specific bounced email notifications, you can apply filters to your search. You can filter by user email address and/or date.
To filter bounced email notifications by email address, type an email address in the Address field. Wildcards are permitted for both the email username and domain name.
To view bounced email notifications after a certain date, type or select a date in the Last bounced after field.
To view bounced email notifications before a certain date, type or select a date in the Last bounced before field.
To view bounced email notifications between specific dates, enter a date in both date fields.
To view bounced email notifications with your selected filters, click the Search button.
View Bounced Emails
The bounced email notification results display the intended recipient's name, the email address, the most recent bounce date, and the reason the email bounced.
To download bounced email results as a CSV file, click the Download these results as CSV link. 
Note: If a user's information is not included in the bounced email results, the user may be listed on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) suppression list. To verify whether a particular email address is on this list and to request removal, reach out to Canvas Support. Additionally, the AWS suppression list is automatically cleared every two weeks by Amazon.How do I delete a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Permanently Delete Course
Click the Delete this Course link.
Note: Deleting a course is a permission enabled by your admin. If you do not see this button, you do not have permission to delete your course.
Delete Course
Click the Delete Course button.
Note: Before you delete your course, make sure you have a record of your Course ID number. Administrators can restore deleted courses if they know the Course ID number. You can locate your Course ID number at the end of your course URL (i.e. canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX). 
View Confirmation
View the confirmation message.How do I grade a graded discussion in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of a discussion.
Open SpeedGrader
Click the Options icon and then click the SpeedGrader link.
Select Student
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
View Submission
View the student's discussion replies. Older replies are listed at the top with newer replies listed below.
View Full Discussion
To view the discussion replies in the context of the full discussion, click the view the full discussion link.
If the discussion replies are part of a graded group discussion, you can view the discussion replies in the context of the full group discussion by clicking the view the full group discussion link. 
Note: To return to SpeedGrader from the full discussion, use your internet browser's back button. 
Grade Submission
To enter a grade for the submission, enter the grade in the Grade field.
If you added a rubric to the discussion, you can view the rubric by clicking the View Rubric button.
Add Feedback
In the Assignment Comments section, you can post comments to the student. Any comments that have been made by the student appear in this section as well as in the Submission Comments filter in Conversations.
To add a comment to the assignment, enter text in the Add a Comment field.
To use a comment from the Comment Library, click the Comment Library icon.
To attach a file to the comment, click the Attach button.
To record a video or audio comment, click the Media button.
If you are using Chrome, you can use the speech recognition tool to leave comments. 
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
Save Grade & Feedback
To save the student's grade and any added feedback, click the Submit button. How do I view a group calendar as a student
Open Groups
In Global Navigation, click the Groups link, then click the name of the group.
View Calendar
In the Group sidebar, click the View Calendar link.
Only your group calendar will be visible in the list of Canvas calendars. Feel free to add any events or reminders to your group calendar.How can I use Canvas on my mobile device as a student
Mobile Browsers
You can access Canvas from any browser on your Android/iOS device. However, mobile browsers are not supported, and features may not function as expected compared to viewing Canvas in a fully supported desktop browser. 
On mobile devices, Canvas is designed to be used within Canvas mobile applications. Canvas pages within a mobile browser are only supported when an action in the app links directly to the browser, such as when a student takes certain types of quizzes. Support is not extended to pages that cannot currently be used in the app, such as Conferences or Collaborations.
Additionally, Canvas offers limited support for native mobile browsers on tablet devices. For details, please reference the limited-support mobile browser guidelines.
Mobile Applications
We are actively improving our native mobile applications to support as many Canvas features as possible. Instructure has a native mobile application for students free for download on both phones and tablets.
Canvas Student: This app provides access to Canvas while on the go. Depending on your device, not all Canvas features may be available on the app at this time. View Canvas Student mobile features by version and device.How do I use the Course Home Page as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
View Course Home Page
The Course Home Page involves Course Navigation, the content area, and the sidebar.
View Course Navigation
The Course Home Page is viewed from the Course Navigation Home link. 
Course Navigation includes links that help you and your student(s) get to specific locations in the course. Teachers can customize what links are shown in a course, so if you don't see links that may display in other courses, your student's teacher has hidden those links from your view. 
The active link of the page you are viewing is highlighted with different color text and a line indicator. This highlight helps you quickly identify the feature area you are currently viewing in Canvas. 
Collapse Course Navigation Menu
To expand or collapse the Course Navigation Menu, click the Menu icon. When you choose to expand or collapse the Global Navigation menu, your preference is applied to all of your courses. 
View Content Area
Home Page content (and all Canvas content) is displayed in the content area. 
The content can be a page, the syllabus, discussions, announcements, quizzes, or imported content. The content can also show the Course Activity Stream, which is a list of all recent activity in the course. Your student's Home Page may also display recent announcements at the top of the page.
The Home Page content also defines what sections display in the sidebar.
View Breadcrumbs
Breadcrumbs appear above the course content area. 
As you view course content, the breadcrumbs leave a trail to show where you are inside the course. You can follow these links backward to visit prior course content.
Note: If you have created a nickname for a course, the breadcrumbs display the nickname to identify the course. Otherwise, the breadcrumbs display the course code.
View Sidebar
The sidebar functions the same as the Dashboard sidebar but only shows content for the specific course and includes additional options.
If your Course Home Page displays a page other than the Course Activity Stream, you can view the student's course activity stream by clicking the sidebar View Course Stream button. When the Home Page is set as the Course Activity Stream, this button will not appear.
View Sidebar Sections
The sidebar shows the Coming Up section, which shows all your student's recent announcements and up to seven assignments that are due in the upcoming weeks, including ungraded quizzes and assignments that do not require a submission. Each item in the Coming Up list displays the assignment name, the number of points, and the due date for the assignment. Once the due date has passed, items remain in this section for four weeks.How do I view Quizzes as an observer
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
View Quizzes
Quizzes are identified by the quiz icon. 
In the Quiz Index Page, you can view the name of each quiz, the quiz availability dates, the quiz due date, the points possible for the quiz, and the number of questions in the quiz. 
Quizzes are ordered by due date. Some quizzes may not include a due date. Quizzes without due dates are listed at the bottom of the Quizzes list. 
You can also view ungraded practice quizzes and course surveys. 
View Availability Dates
Availability dates are the range of time during which students can access a quiz. Instructors set availability dates. The Quizzes page may display the following availability date labels: 
If the quiz displays a Closed label, students cannot access or submit the quiz.
If the quiz displays an Available until [date] label, students can access and submit the quiz until the specified date. 
If the quiz displays a Not Available Until [date] label, the quiz is locked and students cannot access the quiz until until the specified date.
If the no dates are listed, the quiz is open and students can complete the quiz at any time during the course. 
If a student starts but does not submit a quiz, the quiz will autosubmit on behalf of the student on the Available until quiz date. If a quiz does not include an Available until date, the quiz will autosubmit on the last day of the course. 
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm. 
View Due Dates
The Quizzes Page also displays quiz due dates. Any quizzes submitted after the due date are marked late; some instructors may deduct points for late submissions. 
Students can access and submit late quizzes until the Available until date, if one is listed. Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date. 
Due dates also include a time. If your student's instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
Note: Not all quizzes may include a due date.
Filter Quizzes
You can search for a quiz by typing a quiz title or a keyword in the Search for Quiz field.
Open Quiz Details
To view the details of a quiz, click the name of the quiz. 
View Quiz Details
On the quiz details page, you can view the due date, points possible, and number of questions for the quiz. You can also view the quiz availability dates, the time limit for each quiz attempt, the number of allowed attempts, and the instructions. 
In the example above, the quiz is due October 1st. However, a student could still take the quiz for late credit by October 9th.
Notes: 
If a time limit is listed, students must complete the entire quiz within that time in one sitting. If they navigate away from the quiz, the timer continues to run. When the time limit is reached, the quiz auto submits.
If a student starts but does not submit a quiz by the due date, Canvas will automatically submit the quiz on the due date. 
Quiz details do not show the due date in relation to the current time. For example, if a quiz has a due date of 11:59 pm and the student begins the quiz at 11:30 pm, they only have 30 minutes to complete the quiz before it is marked late. The same time restriction applies if the quiz has a time limit. For example, if a student starts a quiz with a 60-minute time limit at 11:30 pm, they still only have 30 minutes to complete the quiz before it is marked late. Canvas notifies students regarding any time restrictions when they begin a quiz.
View Locked Quiz
When a quiz is locked, you can view the quiz details. The details page also displays the date and time when students can access the quiz. 
View Closed Quiz
When a quiz is closed, you can view the quiz details and the quiz instructions. The details page also displays the date and time when the quiz closed. How do I use grading periods in a course as an instructor
View Assignments by Grading Periods Filter
When multiple grading periods are enabled in a course, you can sort and filter the Assignments Index page by grading period.
Assignments and assignment groups are validated against assignments in closed grading periods.
View Assignments
When you create an assignment, by default each assignment is assigned to everyone. However, the assignment can be differentiated among course sections, course groups, or individual students. 
When grading periods are enabled, the due date of the assignment determines the grading period where the assignment appears in the Gradebook. If no due date is set, the assignment defaults to the last grading period available for the course.
When grading periods are weighted, assignments outside of grading periods do not count toward the final grade.
Note: The Assign field cannot be edited for anyone if the due date is in a closed grading period. However, you can add additional differentiated assignments with due dates outside the closed grading period. Assignments with due dates in open grading periods cannot be edited from an open grading period to a date in a closed grading period, but the due date can be edited to any date within an open grading period. These restrictions do not apply to availability dates, which can be set to overlap a grading period.
View Gradebook
To view the Grading Period filter, click the Apply Filters button. Then in the Filters section, click the Grading Periods option.
The Grading Periods filter lists grading periods for the course. By default, the Gradebook displays the current grading period. However, you can view and filter assignments by all, previous, or future grading periods.
Assignments are grouped in the grading period according to the published assignment due date (unpublished assignments never appear in the Gradebook). If there is no due date for the published assignment, the assignment defaults to the latest grading period. Grading periods cannot be selected within an individual assignment.
You can only edit grades for assignments in a current or future grading period. Once the close date for a grading period has passed, you cannot edit grades for the prior grading period.
View Differentiated Assignments
Assignments cannot overlap grading periods except with differentiated assignments. When differentiated assignment dates overlap grading periods, the assignment appears in each appropriate grading period. 
If a student is not part of an assignment in the specific grading period, the assignment is grayed out. 
If a student is part of a differentiated assignment with no due date, the assignment appears in the last available grading period.
If a student is part of multiple differentiated assignments, the grading period shows the assignment in the grading period of the latest date. 
Display Total Grades for All Grading Periods
When using multiple grading periods, you may be able to view total grades in the All Grading Periods view. This grades view also includes displaying assignment group totals. Viewing total grades in a course is managed by your Canvas administrator.
By default, viewing total grades in the All Grading Periods view is disabled in a course and affects the global Grades view, courses Grades view, and the instructor Gradebook.
View Global Grades
Students have one of two options from the global Grades page accessed from the Dashboard. When viewing total grades is disabled, students do not have the option to view All Grading Periods. They can only view the grade for a specific grading period in the course. 
When viewing total grades is enabled, students can select the All Grading Periods option and can view the appropriate grade.
View Course Grades
In the course Grades page, students may not be able to view their assignment grade totals.
When you hide totals in student grade summaries, students cannot view the total grade calculation in either the sidebar or the bottom of the grades page. Calculations also include assignment totals for weighted assignment groups. Hiding total grades impacts calculations for student What-If Grades.
When viewing total grades is enabled, students can still view the total grade for All Grading Periods and any assignment group calculations.
Hide Grades in Individual Grading Periods
When viewing total grades is disabled, students can still view total grades for an individual grading period unless you hide student totals in Course Settings. When this setting is enabled, students will not be able to view any totals in their global grades page or course grades page.
View Closed Grading Periods
 At the course level, Canvas validates all assignments against closed grading periods in Canvas. You cannot edit assignments in closed grading periods. If an assignment is in a closed grading period, the assignment shows that the submission is in a closed grading period. Learn how to view the date range of a course grading period.
Students are not affected by closed grading periods in their Grades page.
Note: For current limitations associated with the close date feature, please view the Close Dates for Grading Periods document.
Export Gradebook
When you download scores from the Gradebook, you can export assignment scores and total grades for all grading periods or specific grading periods.
To export Gradebook scores for assignments associated with a specific grading period, click the Apply Filters button and select the grading period from the Grading Periods section. Then click the Exportdrop-down menu and select the Export Current Gradebook View option. 
Notes:
The CSV includes any selected grading period information; however, assignment group totals in the CSV are calculated based on all grading periods.
The CSV file displays a total grade for the specific grading period being viewed. However, if the instructor exports the All Grading Periods Gradebook view, the CSV honors whether or not total grades can be viewed.How do I reply to a message in the Inbox as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Click the conversation you want to respond to. Click the Reply icon in the message header, or hover over the timestamp and click the Reply icon within the message. You can also click the Reply icon in the toolbar.
Note: If there is more than one recipient, you can reply-all to the conversation and everyone included will see your reply.
Reply to Message
Type your reply in the message field. You can attach a file or media. When you are ready, click the Send button.
View Sent Message
Your message appears at the top of the individual thread.How do I answer each type of question in New Quizzes as a student
Categorization Question
To answer a Categorization question, drag and drop the possible answers in the matching category.
Essay Question
To answer an Essay question, click the text box and type your content. Content can be formatted through the Rich Content Editor. 
Your essay may also include a minimum and/or maximum word count.
File Upload Question
To answer a File Upload question, drag and drop the file or select a file by clicking the Browse link.
If your instructor has limited the file types that can be uploaded, you can view allowed file types for the question.
View your uploaded file. To delete the file, click the Delete icon.
If your instructor allows multiple file uploads, you can upload additional files. 
Note: If the option to upload a new file is not displayed, you have reached the file upload limit.
Fill in the Blank Question
Fill in the Blank questions include three answer types: text entry, drop-down, and drag and drop. To answer a text entry question, type your answer in the Answer field. To answer a drop-down question, click the drop-down menu and select the option that answers your question.
To answer a drag and drop question, drag your answer to the answer field.
Formula Question
To answer a Formula question, enter your response in the text box.
Hot Spot Question
To answer a Hot Spot question, click the area of the image that answers the question.
Matching Question
To answer a Matching question, view the question. Then click the drop-down menu to select the matching answer.
Multiple Answer Question
To answer a Multiple Answer question, click the checkboxes next to all applicable answers.
Multiple Choice Question
To answer a Multiple Choice question, click the button next to the answer. You can clear your selection to leave the question unanswered by clicking Clear my selection. 
Numeric Question
To answer a Numeric question, type the answer in the Answer field or use the arrow keys to increase or decrease the answer.
To answer a Numeric question in scientific notation, use the following format: m*10^n, where m represents the coefficient, the asterisk represents the multiplication function, and ^n represents the exponent.
Ordering Question
To answer an Ordering question, drag and drop the items in the correct order. You can also click the Move icon and move an item up or down.
Stimulus Question
To answer a question that includes content, view the content to answer the related question(s). Associated questions can be any of the other questions available in New Quizzes.
True or False Question
To answer a True or False question, click the button next to the answer.How do I configure self registration through Canvas authentication for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Authentication
In Account Navigation, click the Authentication link.
Configure Self Registration
By default, Self Registration is disabled. To enable Self Registration, select the radio button for the registration type for your account. 
To allow self registration for all users, select the All Account Types option. To limit self registration to observers (including parents), select the Observer Accounts Only option.
To require users to complete a Captcha form before completing the registation process, click the Require Captcha for Self Registration checkbox.
Canvas enforces MFA is functionally equivalent to the legacy UIs checkbox for MFA Required being enabled. 
To have Canvas enforce the MFA, select the Canvas enforces MFA option. 
To have the user opt in, select User can opt in to MFA option.
Note: If the All Account Types option is selected, it is recommended to require users to complete a Captcha form to avoid the creation of spam users.
Save Self Registration
Click the Save button.How do I conclude a course at the end of a term as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Course Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
Open Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Conclude This Course
To conclude your course, click the Conclude this Course button.
Conclude Course
Click the Conclude Course button.
View Confirmation
Verify that the course has been concluded.Accessing Canvas assignments
View Assignment Publish Status
Students can only view published assignments. 
On the Assignments page, you can verify if an assignment is published or unpublished. Published assignments include a Published icon. Unpublished assignments include a Unpublished icon.
View Module Publish Status
If modules are being used in your course, students will only be able to see assignments included in published modules. 
On the Modules page, verify that the assignment is in a published module. Published modules include a Published icon. Unpublished modules include an Unpublished icon.
View Assignment Details
Students can only view assignments to which they've been assigned. 
To check whom the assignment has been assigned, edit the assignment and verify who is included in the Assign To field. How do I enable anonymous instructor annotations in student submissions as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
To open an existing assignment, click the Assignment name.
To create a new assignment, click the Add Assignment button.
Edit Assignment
Click the Edit button.
Enable Anonymous Instructor Annotations
Select the Anonymous Instructor Annotations checkbox.
Save Assignment
If you want to notify users about any future assignment changes, click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox. Click the Save button. 
Note: If your assignment has not yet been published, the assignment will show the Save & Publish button. The Save button will create a draft of your assignment so you can publish it later.What is the Observer role
Observer Role Use
Observers can view course data but cannot participate in all Canvas areas. Observers may be added to a course to observe course data. For instance, instructors sometimes invite guests to join their courses, such as for a web conference. Enrolling the guest with an observer role allows access to the course without being able to affect any course data or participation. 
The main use of the observer role is to link a user to a student. Observers can be linked to a student or multiple students and view the student's data in the course. Parents are often enrolled as observers and linked to students, especially in K12 environments. Observers cannot submit work on behalf of the students they observe, but they can see student grades, assignments and events, and course interactions.
Depending on the institution, observers can have different levels of access. Observers can be linked to a single student or multiple students. These links can be at the account or course levels.
A user-account level link will ensure the observer is linked to a student and will enroll the observer in each student's past, current, and future courses automatically.
A course-level link is a link between an observer's enrollment in a course and the student's enrollment in that same course. These links have to be created each time the student and observer are enrolled in a course.
Observer Access in Canvas
To learn more about observer participation, view the Observers Visibility and Participation resource document.
Observers can
View and read announcements
View assignments index page
View the calendar
Join conferences, if invited
Join collaborations, if invited
View personal inbox
Send conversation messages to instructor and student they are observing
View the dashboard
View and read discussions
View files unless they are locked
View grades, view assignment due dates and comments, and print grades
View modules and see due dates and point values
View pages and contribute if the instructor enables the Anyone can edit it setting
View profile pictures, if available
View syllabus
View outcomes
View quizzes index page
Observers cannot
Comment on announcements or discussions
Submit assignments or quizzes
View course rosters
Send conversation messages to students in the course they are not observing
View locked files or folders
Join groups
View unpublished courses
Access the Chat tool
Reserve appointment slots in the Scheduler
View grade audit trail
Observer Limitations
Observers can view the same content as the student they are observing unless the content is unpublished or restricted by locked dates.
Observers can view module content locked by prerequisites or requirements, as module progression is not measured for observers.
Observers can view assignments even if the student they are observing has not completed them unless the assignments are locked.
Each instructor can customize the links in the Course Navigation and limit the number of features that students and observers can see. Observers may or may not see links to certain features.
Courses restricted to term dates are accessible to observers during the term dates. Student access dates do not apply to observers.How do I send a message to all students based on specific course participation criteria in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
Message Students Who
Message recipients are automatically populated based on selected criterion as well as any applied filters. 
If you want to filter analytics for a specific section or student, search for and select the intended filter in the Filter field. Then click the Message icon. 
Select Criteria
The Message Students Who window defaults to the Viewed criterion, which allows you to message students based on a specific resource they viewed. 
The Resource field determines the specified resource, and the BCC field displays the number of students who fall within the specified range. By default, the Resource field has All Resources selected. Additionally, any filters in the analytics page automatically display as an intended recipient for the message. If no filters have been applied, the message displays as being sent to all sections.
To select a new resource, choose a resource from the Resource drop-down menu. The BCC field displays the updated number of students and/or sections who have viewed the specified resource.
The Didn't View, Participated, and Didn't Participate criteria options do not include any additional criterion. Selected students are based on participation status, and the number of affected students displays in the BCC field. Again, any filters included in the analytics page also display as intended recipients. 
Verify Recipients
For any criterion, you can manage the users who will be sent the message, if needed. Click the link that includes the number of students, then view the expanded BCC field.
To remove a student from the message, click Remove icon next to the student's name.
To reset student names back to the originally specified list, click the Reset Names link.
Send Message
In the Subject field, enter a subject for your message.
In the Message field, enter the description of your message.
Click the Send button.How do I sync course data in Canvas with Microsoft Teams as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Integrations
Click the Integrations tab.
Enable Integration
To enable to Microsoft Sync integration, click the State button.
Sync Course Data
Once the integration is enabled, a sync to Microsoft Teams will be triggered automatically by any changes to course enrollments. The first time you enabled Microsoft Sync, you may want to trigger a manual sync to ensure all course data is synced with Microsoft Teams.
To view Microsoft Sync details, click the Expand icon. To sync course data with Microsoft Teams, click the Sync Now button.
You can also view the sync status, date of last sync, and any sync errors.
Note: When enrollments changes are made in a course that has enabled Microsoft Sync, it may take up to 10 minutes for those changes to sync to Microsoft Teams.How do I associate a course with a blueprint course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find courses in the account that are blueprint courses, click the Show only blueprint courses option. 
Open Course Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Associations
In the Course Home Page, click the Blueprint sidebar tab, then click the Associations link.
Note: You can access the Blueprint sidebar from any Course Navigation page
Filter Courses
The Associations page displays any courses that are associated with the blueprint course. Once a course is associated with a blueprint course, it cannot be associated with any other blueprint course.
To filter courses by term, click the Terms drop-down menu. To filter courses by subaccount, click the Subaccount drop-down menu. 
You can also locate a specific course in the search field. Enter the title, short name (course code), or SIS ID for a course. Course nicknames are not supported in the search field. Deleted courses do not display in search results.
View Search Results
Once a term or subaccount is selected, the Courses list will expand and display all results in the selected term or subaccount. If an entry is added to the search field, the list will update with any relevant search results.
Search results display the course title, short name (course code), term, SIS ID, and any teacher (instructor) enrollments.
Notes: 
Search results will display up to 100 courses. If you wish to associate more than 100 courses at a time, consider creating a CSV file to upload using the SIS import tool. 
If six or more teachers are associated to a course, the Teacher(s) column displays the number of teachers.
Add Courses
To associate a course with the blueprint course, click the checkbox next to the course title. You can select multiple courses at one time, or you can select all courses by clicking the Select All Courses checkbox. 
Current associated courses and courses to be added display in the Associated Courses section. To remove a course as an association, click the Remove icon.
To publish courses selected for association, click the Publish upon association checkbox.
Note: The Publish upon association checkbox will only publish courses in the To be Added list and will not publish courses that were already associated.
View Unsynced Warning
If you have unsynced changes in your blueprint course when you are associating a course, Canvas generates a warning to let you know the the unsynced changes will be synced to all associated courses.
Save Courses
Click the Save button.
Confirm Courses
View your associated changes were saved.
Modify Associations
You can add and save additional associated courses, if necessary. 
To remove a course, click the Remove icon.
When you are finished with course associations, click the Done button.
View Sync
After a course is associated with a blueprint course, the blueprint course will create an initial sync that includes all course content and course setting.
Once a sync has started, the sidebar shows the sync status as long as you are viewing the page. You can leave the page, but know that the the sync may take a while to process. 
Notes: 
If you immediately view an associated course and don’t see any updates, the sync may still be in process. To confirm sync completion, enable the Blueprint sync notification in User Settings.
Sync history will show the date and time the sync was made but no details will be included related to the sync.
Only BluePrint master course content will sync with associated courses. Content that was manually added or copied using a different format will not sync.How do I use Conferences in a course as an observer
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution.
View Conferences
You can view conferences where you have been invited to participate.
Conferences are grouped in two parts: New Conferences and Concluded Conferences. Both always display the conference name and description.
View In Progress Conference
New conferences will be listed in the index, but they cannot be accessed until the host has started the conference. When the conference is available, click the Join button. Once the conference has started, the conference status shows as in progress. 
You can join the conference for as long as the Join button is available. Some conferences only allow you to join the conference for a specific amount of time.
View Concluded Conferences
Concluded conferences display in the Concluded Conferences section. Each concluded conference shows the title, date, and description of the conference.
View Recorded Conference
When your conference has concluded, click the name of the recorded conference. To replay the conference, click the recording format link. The recording format displays as either a presentation or a video.
The recording format link does not appear until the conference has been rendered for playback. The rendering process may take some time to complete. The length of the conference is indicated in hours:minutes (e.g. 0:18 is 18 minutes). 
If your conference included closed captioning, the playback bar for the video displays a CC button to view the available captions.
Note: For all basic Conference accounts, recordings are automatically deleted 7 days after the conference ends. How do I select content from an external app in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Embed Location
To embed app content in the Rich Content Editor, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the app content to appear.
To link text to content from an app, select the text for the linked content.
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Apps option, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Select App
To find an app, type the app name in the Search field. Search results display as you type.
To select an app, click the app name.
To read a brief explanation of the app, click the View description link.
Select App Content
Use the app to search for and select content to link to or embed. External app settings and options may vary by app.
View Embedded App
You can view and interact with the embedded app content or app link depending on your embed or link settings.
View Content
View your content. You can interact with embedded app content directly in Canvas depending on external app settings.How do I add a text (SMS) contact method in Canvas as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Add Contact Method
In the Other Contacts section, click the Add Contact Method link. 
Register SMS: United States
If you are in the United States, enter your 10-digit cell phone number, and select your cell phone carrier. The SMS Email field will auto-populate your SMS email address. 
Click the Register SMS button.
Note: SMS is only used for Multi-Factor Authentication (if enabled for your account).
Register SMS: International
If you're located outside the United States, you may be able to select your country or region and enter your cell number. To register your number, click the Register SMS button.
Notes: 
International SMS must be enabled by your institution. If you cannot select a country, this feature is not available to you.
SMS is only used for Multi-Factor Authentication (if enabled for your account).
Confirm SMS Number
Check your cell phone for a confirmation code from canvas. Enter the code into the text field. To resend the confirmation again, click the Re-Send Confirmation link. Click the Confirm button.
Delete SMS
To delete the contact method, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I use Conferences in a course as a student
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution.
View Conferences
You can view conferences where you have been invited to participate.
Conferences are grouped in two parts: New Conferences and Concluded Conferences. Both always display the conference name and description.
View In Progress Conference
New conferences will be listed in the index, but they cannot be accessed until the host has started the conference. When the conference is available, click the Join button. Once the conference has started, the conference status shows as in progress. 
You can join the conference for as long as the Join button is available. Some conferences only allow you to join the conference for a specific amount of time.
View Concluded Conferences
Concluded conferences display in the Concluded Conferences section. Each concluded conference shows the title, date, and description of the conference.
View Recorded Conference
When your conference has concluded, click the name of the recorded conference. To replay the conference, click the recording format link. The recording format displays as either a presentation or a video.
The recording format link does not appear until the conference has been rendered for playback. The rendering process may take some time to complete. The length of the conference is indicated in hours:minutes (e.g. 0:18 is 18 minutes). 
If your conference included closed captioning, the playback bar for the video displays a CC button to view the available captions.
Note: For all basic Conference accounts, recordings are automatically deleted 7 days after the conference ends. 
View Statistics and Notes
If you created a conference in a group, you may be able to view statistics and notes for your conference.
If your institution has upgraded to the Canvas Conferences premium tier, you can view conference statistics by clicking the Statistics link.
If your conference included shared notes, you can view the notes by clicking the Notes link. The shared notes will display in a new browser tab, where they can be viewed and copied.
Note: Notes are only available for recorded conferences.How do I create a quiz with a question group linked to a question bank as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Notes:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz. 
Complete the rest of the quiz details.
Add New Question Group
Click the Questions tab. Click the New Question Group button.
Create Group Details
Give your question group a name. Decide how many questions you want Canvas to randomly select from the group and the number of points assigned to each question. 
Quiz question groups are not automatically named for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question group, enter the name in the group text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz question groups more easily.
Regardless of the question group name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Note: 
Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
If you set a question group to randomly select questions from the question bank, the question bank and questions will not be included in quiz exports. The QTI file will download quiz details, but no questions will be included.
Link to a Question Bank
Click the Link to a Question Bank link.
Find Question Bank
Select the question bank you want to reference in your quiz. Click the Select Bank button.
Create Group
Confirm your Question Bank is linked to the question group. Click the Create Group button.
Modify Question Group
To change the number of questions to be picked from the group or to change the points assigned, click the Edit icon. To delete the question group, click the Delete icon.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. How do I create a quiz with a question group to randomize quiz questions as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Note:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz. 
Complete the rest of the quiz details.
Add New Question Group
Click the Questions tab. Click the New Question Group button.
Create Group Details
Give your question group a name. Quiz question groups are not automatically named for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question group, enter the name in the group text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz question groups more easily.
Regardless of the question group name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Decide how many questions you want Canvas to randomly select from the group and the number of points assigned to each question.
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth. 
Link to a Question Bank
If you want to link a question bank to the question group, click the Link to a Question Bank link. 
Note: If you set a question group to randomly select questions from the question bank, the question bank and questions will not be included in quiz exports. A QTI zip file will download the quiz details, but no questions will be included.
Create Group
Click the Create Group button.
Add Individual Question to Group
To add individual questions to the group, click the Add icon. 
Find Questions from Question Bank
You can also find questions from an existing question bank and add them to the question group. 
Modify Question Group
To change the number of questions to be picked from the group or to change the points assigned, click the Edit icon. To delete the question group, click the Delete icon.
Note: Changes made to question groups do not save until the quiz is saved. 
View Question Group Warning Message
While creating a question group within the quiz, you may see a warning message indicating the question group is set to pick more questions than available. You can add more questions to the question bank you are pulling questions from or add individual questions until the amount of questions is greater or equal to the amount of questions being picked.
Note: This message will remain on the screen until you have saved the quiz. 
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. How do I attach a file to a message as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
To start a new message, click the Compose icon.
Browse for Attachment
To attach a file, click the Attachment icon.
Select File(s)
Select the file and click the Open button. 
Select Multiple Files
You can upload additional files by clicking the Attachment icon. 
If you accidentally select the wrong file, click the Delete icon to remove it, or click the Attachment icon, or double click the file to select a different file. 
When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Attachment(s)
The attachments will appear below the message. To view the file, click the link.How do I delay posting an announcement until a specific date in a course as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Add Announcement
Click the Add Announcement button.
Add Availability Dates
To make your announcement available on a specific date or during a specific date range, enter the dates in the Available From field and Until field, or click the calendar icons to select dates. 
To add a time, click the Time drop-down menu. You can enter a time or select a time from the drop-down menu.
To reset the date and time fields, click the Reset button.
You are not required to enter dates in both of these fields, so if you want to delay your posting but do want your post to appear indefinitely, you can leave the Until field blank.
Notes: 
The Available From date is also the date the announcement is published.
If there is no Until date, the announcement remains visible.
Once the Until date is reached, the announcement is no longer visible to students.
Save Announcement
Click the Save button.
View Announcement
View the delayed post information in the announcement.How do I submit a peer review to a discussion in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Note: You can also access your Discussions through your user or course dashboard, Assignments, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
View Discussions
Click the title of the discussion.
Open Assigned Peer Review
Click the Review Now link. 
Add Discussion Comment
If your assignment does not include a rubric, you are required to add at least one comment. You cannot view any existing feedback submitted by another student or the instructor.
Type a comment in the comment field, leave a media comment, or attach a file.
Click the Save button. 
Confirm Completed Peer Review
A message will appear on your discussion to confirm you have completed the peer review.
Note: You may need to refresh your browser to see that you've completed the required steps for the peer review.How do I download a folder in ZIP format as a student
Download Folder
Click the line item for the folder. Click the Download icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Download link. 
View Download Progress
Monitor the progress of your download.
Open ZIP File
Your ZIP file will download to your desktop. Open the appropriate folder to view the file. To open the file, either double click to open it (MAC users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users).How do I message students who have not signed up for a self sign-up group as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Message All Unassigned Students
Verify that self sign-up is enabled for the group set and that unassigned students exist for the group set. 
Click the group set Options menu, then click the Message All Unassigned Students link.
Note: The Message all Unassigned Students link will not display if all students have been assigned to a group.
Send Message
Canvas populates the recipient list with the names of students who have not yet joined a group. Type your message into the text area. Click the Send Message button.How do I set a course format as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Open Course Format Menu
Click the Format drop-down menu.
Select Format
Click the format type that best represents your course.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I hide grade distribution scoring details from students as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Hide Grade Distribution
Check the Hide grade distribution graphs from students checkbox.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.
Student View
When the grade distribution graph is hidden, students can view their score, but cannot view any other aspect of the graph, including the high, low, and mean scores.Instructor Getting Started Resources
Introduction
What is Canvas?
Canvas is a Learning Management System. To learn more about Canvas terminology and definitions, visit How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions?
Because Canvas is a web-based system, it doesn’t need to be installed on your computer. However, you’ll want to make sure that your computer and web browser meet the basic requirements to run Canvas.
What is the Instructor/Teacher role?
In Canvas, the Teacher role is used to enroll users responsible for course creation, instruction, and management. Teachers are also referred to as instructors in Canvas. In general, users with the Teacher role have permissions that allow them to moderate a course, view course data, and direct daily course communications. However, these permissions may vary among institutions.
Canvas for Elementary
Canvas for Elementary is a Canvas setting that displays a simplified interface and experience designed for young learners. Your institution may have this enabled for your course(s).
Course Structure Resources
Resources from Instructure’s Instructional Design Team
Canvas Enrollment Status Comparison
Canvas Course States Comparison
Additional Resources
Higher Ed Canvas Users Group
K12 Canvas Users Group
Getting Started with Canvas in 10 Steps (Faculty)
Teacher Quick Start Guide
Flowcharts
For a visual representation of how to get started with Canvas as an instructor, view the Getting Started with Canvas as an Instructor Flowchart.
For a visual representation of what students can view and access course content, view the Student Course Visibility and Participation Flowchart.
Videos
To watch a short video series on setting up a new Canvas course, view Set up your Canvas course in 30 minutes or less.
Canvas Guides
The Canvas Instructor Guide has over 600 articles that each answer a question that relates to using the Canvas interface as an instructor. Each article also includes Next and Previous links so you can easily navigate to related content.
User Account Setup
Before you can do anything in Canvas, you'll need an account and the URL for your institution's Canvas website. View the articles below for help with setting up your account, logging in, and managing your user settings.
How do I sign up for a new Free-for-Teacher Canvas account as an instructor?
How do I accept an invitation to join a Canvas course as an instructor?
How do I log in to Canvas as an instructor?
How do I change the settings in my user account as an instructor?
Use QR Code to Log In
Theres a very simple way to log in to the Canvas Teacher app. In the web version of Canvas, if you click the Account link in the Global Navigation menu, you'll see a QR for Mobile Login link. After opening the Canvas Teacher app on your mobile device, scan that code. You will be instantly logged-in, without having to worry about connecting to your school and retyping your information.
How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as an instructor?
How do I log in to the Canvas Teacher app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I log in to the Canvas Teacher app on my Android Device with a QR code? 
Canvas Overview
Canvas has four main areas: Canvas Dashboard, sidebar, Global Navigation menu, and course interface. The articles below show you how to navigate Canvas and use a few of the tools that link across all your courses.
How do I use the Dashboard as an instructor?
How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as an instructor?
How do I view all my Canvas courses as an instructor?
How do I use the Course Home Page as an instructor?
How does Canvas work as a supplement to face-to-face courses?
How do I embed a Guides article inside a Canvas course?
How do I manage my Canvas notification settings as an instructor?
How do I use the Inbox as an instructor?
How do I use the Calendar as an instructor?
How do I get help with Canvas as an instructor?
Course Setup
Canvas provides several tools that allow you to create a course and add content for your students. View the articles below for information on setting up your Canvas course.
How do I use the Course Setup Checklist?
How do I use the Canvas course setup tutorial as an instructor?
How do I add a section to a course as an instructor?
How do I set details for a course?
How do I use course settings?
How do I publish a course?
Course Basics
Each course includes various features where you can share course content, hold discussions, assign coursework, grade student submissions, and much more. View the articles below for some of the basics of Canvas courses.
How do I create an assignment?
How do I assign an assignment to everyone in a course?
How do I use the Course Navigation Menu as an instructor?
How do I use the Syllabus as an instructor?
How do I create a discussion as an instructor?
How do I use Files as an instructor?
How do I use the Gradebook?
How do I add a module?
How do I create a new page in a course?
How do I add users to a course?
How do I edit user roles in a course?
How do I create a quiz with individual questions? (Classic Quizzes)
How do I create a quiz using New Quizzes?
How do I add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor?
How do I get to SpeedGrader from an assignment, quiz, or graded discussion?
How do I use SpeedGrader?
Learn more about Canvas features in the Canvas Basics Guide.
Canvas on Mobile Devices
Visit the Canvas Teacher Android Guide or the Canvas Teacher iOS Guide to learn more.
How can I use Canvas on my mobile device as an instructor?
What is the Canvas Teacher app?
Mobile App Design | Course Evaluation Checklist
Canvas Teacher App
Canvas also has a free mobile app available for iOS and Android that is specifically tailored to instructors. View information about the Teacher app below.
How do I download the Teacher app on my iOS device?
How do I log in to the Teacher app on my iOS device with a Canvas URL?
How do I log in to the Teacher app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I use the Teacher app on my iOS device?
How do I download the Teacher app on my Android device?
How do I log in to the Teacher app on my Android device with a Canvas URL?
How do I log in to the Teacher app on my Android device with a QR code?
How do I use the Teacher app on my Android device?
Canvas Feature Options Functionality
Canvas Feature Options
External Apps (LTI)
Canvas Instructor Resource Documents
Resource documents offer visualizations of information as well as deep dives into various feature or data areas in Canvas. Below are commonly accessed resource documents.
Canvas Enrollment Status Comparison
Canvas Course States Comparison
Course Content Distribution Comparison
Additional Resources
Higher Ed Canvas Users Group 
K12 Canvas Users Group
Resources from Instructure’s Instructional Design
Mobile App Design | Course Evaluation Checklist
SIS Error Code Dictionary
Troubleshooting for Instructors
Back to School (K12)
Back to Campus (Higher Education)What is the Admin role
Admin Role Use
The main uses of the Admin role are to allow a user to create and moderate terms, upload and manage SIS data, manage account- and course-level features, and manage course-level user roles and permissions. Depending upon the institution, Admins may also access and manage Canvas courses with permissions similar to those of the Teacher role.
Administrators may be added to an account or to a subaccount with specific account-level permissions configured to best fit their roles. For example, an academic advisor may be added to a Canvas subaccount with access to view SIS, account, and course data and with restricted access to courses and course content. 
In general, Admin permissions and account configurations reflect an institution’s structure. Administrative user roles and permissions may be configured to meet the needs of an institution’s administrative needs. A user can only be added as an Admin to an account by another administrator. 
Admin Access in Canvas
An institution may modify admin permissions based on user roles. To learn more about Admin participation in Canvas, view the Canvas Administrator Guide. 
Admins can:
Act as users
Add and remove other other administrators for the account
Add and remove course designers, observers, students, teachers, and teacher assistants to courses
Add, edit, and delete events on the course calendar
Create and manage course templates
Create student collaborations and web conferences
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Import, manage, and read SIS data
Manage account-level settings and features, developer keys, external applications (LTIs) permissions, storage quotas, and webhooks
Manage courses (including Blueprint courses), course sections, global announcements, and student groups
Manage learning outcomes and rubrics and view and link to question banks
Modify login details for users
Send messages to individual course members and to all members in a course
View account- and course-level statistics, account and course analytics pages, and usage reports for courses
View and comment on student submissions and moderate and post to discussions
View and manage alerts, assignments, notifications, quizzes, and all other course content
View course and grade change logs
View the list of courses, change course states, and undelete courses
View the answer matrix in Quiz Submission Logs
View the list of users in a course and view the group pages of all student groups
View, moderate, and edit grades
The following permissions never apply to subaccounts:
Act as users
Manage Blueprint courses
Manage developer keys and SIS data
Access View Notification tab in Admin Tools
Admin Role Limitations
Some account-level permissions are locked by default and cannot be changed by anyone. Other permissions may be locked by administrators within an institution.
Administrators who are given any course level role such as student or teacher in a course may still be able to view admin features and options. To avoid permission conflicts, admins should create a separate account.How do I mark discussions replies as read or unread in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion you want to view. 
View Posts
The Unread icon indicates replies that have not been read.
If the Unread icon does not display, it means the post has been read or marked as read.
Mark Post as Unread
To mark a reply as unread, click the Options icon next to the reply and click the Mark as Unread link.
Verify Post as Unread 
View the Unread icon, which indicates the reply is marked as unread. 
Mark Post as Read
To change an unread reply to read, click the Options icon next to the reply and click the Mark as Read link.
Verify Post as Read
View the post marked as read. 
Note: If a reply's state is manually changed, the post will not change states unless you manually change it again.Printing quizzes from Canvas
Print from Browser
Modern web browsers have the ability to print a web page. You can access the print feature from the browser menu or by pressing Control+P (Windows) or Command+P (Mac) on your keyboard.
Preview the quiz to view a list of questions, then use your browser print option to print a version of the quiz.
Print QTI Files
You can also print quizzes using external tools and services. Contact your institution's Canvas admin to check if your institution offers any of these tools or services. You can download a QTI package of your quizzes in your course settings, using the Export Course Content tool. Submitting a quiz
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Follow the steps below depending on which operating system you use.
How do I clear my browser cache on a PC?
How do I clear my browser cache on a Mac?
Use Incognito/Private Browser
If clearing your cache and cookies doesn't resolve the problem, something in your browser may be blocking your access to submit your quiz. To verify this, try using Chrome’s incognito or Firefox Private mode.
Try New Browser
If you cannot submit your quiz using an incognito or private browser, try using a different browser. Canvas generally recommends using Chrome or Firefox.
View Availability Dates
Your instructor may have set availability dates that determine when you can submit your quiz. If you are not within the availability dates, the quiz will display as locked and you will not be able to submit your quiz.
Use Respondus Lockdown Browser
If the above troubleshooting steps still don’t resolve the issue, you may need to use the Respondus Lockdown Browser. Follow these steps to download the browser and use it to submit your quiz.
To download the Lockdown Browser, click the Take Quiz button.
In the new page, click the link to download the Lockdown Browser.
Once downloaded, open the Lockdown Browser on your device.
Log into Canvas in the Lockdown Browser.
Access and submit your quiz.
Note: For additional help, view the Lockdown Browser student guide.
Quiz Proctoring Services
For assistance on other proctoring services you may need to reach out to your instructor or institution for further help.Open Collaborations
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Start a new collaboration button. 
Authorize Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize button.
Select Type
In the Kind drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can create a Document, Spreadsheet, or Presentation.
Add Details
To create a name for the collaboration, click the Name header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the name. 
To create a description for the collaboration, click the Description header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the description. 
Add People
The collaboration defaults to the People tab. If you want to collaborate with individual people in your course, click the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. The user's name will move to the right side of the window.
Add as many users as necessary.
Notes: 
Your instructor can view and access all collaborations added in the course, even if you do not add your instructor to the collaboration directly.
Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration from groups.
Remove Collaborators
To remove a collaborator, click the Remove icon. To remove all users, click the Remove All link.
Add Groups
You can also create collaborations with groups. To select an entire group, click the Groups tab. Select the group(s) you want to add to the collaboration.
Notes: 
You can select individual users as well as a group in a collaboration.
Collaborators must have Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
Submit Collaboration
Click the Submit button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.How do I conclude a conference as an instructor
View Time-Limit Conferences
Conferences created with a time limit remain active for the duration of the conference. 
Once the conference duration has expired, the conference are automatically conclude once the last member of the conference has left the room. You can also manually conclude (end) the conference at any point during the allotted time. 
When a conference concludes, all files and chats are removed from the conference room. 
View Long-Running Conferences
Conferences created without a time limit remain active as long as you (or another conference organizer) keeps the conference running. 
End Conference Manually
To end a conference, return to the Conferences page. Next to the name of the conference, click the End button. 
When a conference concludes, all files and chats are removed from the conference room. 
View Concluded Conference
Once the conference has concluded, the conference appears in the Concluded Conferences section on the Conferences page. Updating the status of the conference may take a few minutes. 
Note: If the conference has not changed status after a significant amount of time, the time limit has passed, and there are no members left in the conference room, edit the conference and update the settings to manually refresh the Conferences page.How do I enable open registration in an account and allow instructors to add users to a course without Canvas accounts as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Change Open Registration
In the Settings tab under the Features heading, click the Open Registration checkbox.
Note: By default, this option is turned off. 
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I manage outcome mastery calculations in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Open Calculations
To view and manage the mastery calculation method, click the Calculation tab.
Note: If the Calculation tab does not display in the Outcomes page, account-level outcome mastery calculations have not been enabled by your institution.
Select Calculation Method
To set the mastery calculation method, click the Mastery Calculation drop-down menu. You can select between the following calculation methods: Weighted Average, Decaying Average, n Number of Times, Most Recent Score, Highest Score, and Average.
Select Weighted Average
To average assessment item scores with a greater weight for the most recent assessment item, select the Weighted Average option.
The Weighted Average calculation splits the total percentage between the most recent assessment item and an average of all prior assessment items. For example, you can set the most recent submission to be weighted at 40% of the total and prior items to be weighted at 60% of the total.
Enter the percentage to use for the most recent result in the Parameter field. You can also increase or decrease the parameter by using the Arrow icons. The Parameter field accepts whole numbers between 1 and 99. By default, the parameter is set to 65%. The remaining amount is used to weigh prior scores.
In the Example section, the calculation updates based on your select parameter. The average is rounded to the next two decimals. If there is only one result, the single score will be displayed.
Select Decaying Average
To average assessment item scores with a greater weight for the most recent assessment item, select the Decaying Average option.
TheDecaying Averagecalculation uses a formula to determine proficiency based on students' average scores, giving more weight to the most recent scored. To determine the weight given to the most recent score, the formula uses a decay rate. The higher the formula's decay rate, the more heavily the most recent assessment is weighted.
By default, the decay weight is set to 65% in the Parameter field. However, you can adjust the rate to any percentage between 50% and 99% using the Arrow icons. Between two assessments, the most recent assessment gets 65% weight and the first gets 35%. For each additional assessment, the sum of the previous score calculations decay by an additional 35%.
For example, a student has scores of 1, 2, 3, 4 (scores listed chronologically from oldest to most recent):
(1 × .35) + (2 × .65) = X
(X × .35) + (3 × .65) = Y
(Y × .35) + (4 × .65) = Z(this being the current standard score; 3.48)
Select n Number of Times
To set a number of times that a student must meet or exceed mastery on a set amount of aligned items, select the n Number of Times option.
Enter the number of times mastery must be achieved in the Parameter field. You can also increase or decrease the parameter by using the Arrow icons. The Parameter field accepts numbers between 1 and 10.
Any scores that do not meet mastery are not used in the calculation.
You can view an example of the n Number of Times calculation in the Example section.
Select Most Recent Score
To select the score for most recently graded item, select the Most Recent Score option.
You can view an example of the Most Recent Score calculation in the Example section.
Select Highest Score
To select the highest score from all assessment items, select the Highest Score option.
You can view an example of the Highest Score calculation in the Example section.
Select Average
To select the average score from all assessment items, select the Average option.
You can view an example of the Average calculation in the Example section.
Save Calculation Method
To save your calculation method, click the Save Mastery Calculation button.
Confirm Calculation Changes
To confirm your changes to the mastery calculation, click the Save button.How do I edit an icon made using the Rich Content Editor Icon Maker as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Open Icon
In the Rich Content Editor, click the icon you would like to edit, then click the Edit button.
Edit Icon
In the Icon Shape drop-down menu, you can select the shape type you would like the icon to be. You can select between square, circle, triangle, diamond, pentagon, hexagon, octagon, and star shapes. 
If you would like to modify the size of your icon, use the Icon Size drop-down menu.
To change the color of your icon, click the Icon Color drop-down menu.
To edit an outline to the icon, click the Icon Outline drop-down menu.
If you would like to modify the size of your outline, use the Icon Outline Size drop-down menu.
Edit Text
To edit the text you would like to include on the icon in the Text field. 
If you would like to modify the size of your text, use the Text Size drop-down menu.
To edit the color of your text, click the Text Color drop-down menu.
To edit the color of your text background color, click the Text Background Color drop-down menu.
If you would like to modify the position of your text, use the Text Position drop-down menu.
Edit Image
To edit the image on the icon, click the Delete button. 
To add an image to your icon, click the Add Image drop-down menu.
Save Changes
To save your changes as a new icon, click the Save Copy button. 
To apply your changes to all instances of the existing icon within the course, click the Apply changes to all instance of this Icon Maker Icon checkbox. To save the existing icon, click the Save button.
View Unsaved Changes Warning
If you navigate away from the icon maker before applying your icon, Canvas generates a message warning that you have unsaved icon on the page.How do I star a conversation as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Star and Unstar Conversations
To create a starred message, click the Star icon. If you want to remove the star, click the star icon again. 
View Starred Conversations
To view only starred conversations, click the Inbox drop-down menu. In the drop-down menu, select the Starred link.
View Starred Conversations Only
View all the conversations you have starred.How do I archive a conversation as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Multiple Messages
To select multiple messages to archive, click the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select. You can also click the checkbox or use the same keyboard command to deselect a message.
Archive Conversations
Click the Archive icon.
View Archived Conversations
To view archived messages, click the Inbox drop-down menu. Select the Archived link.
Unarchive Conversations
To unarchive a message, click the message you want to unarchive. Click the Unarchive icon.How do I upload a file as an assignment submission for a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
Click the Upload option.
If your instructor only allows File submissions, the Upload File tool displays in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Upload submission type does not display, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Upload Computer File
To upload a file from your computer, drag and drop a file, or browse your computer files by clicking the Choose a file to upload link.
Select File
Select your file and click the Open button.
Upload Canvas User File
To upload a file from your Canvas user files, click the Canvas Files button.
Select Canvas User File
Use the Files page to select your file and click the Upload button.
Submit Assignment
Your file displays as a draft submission.
To delete the file, click the Delete icon.
To submit the file, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.How do I embed a Lucid document in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features that support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Lucid
When using Lucid for the first time, either by accessing in the Rich Content Editor or when creating a Lucid submission assignment, you must verify information before Lucid can be used in your course.
To access Lucid from Rich Content Editor, click the Lucid icon.
Notes: 
To view the Lucid icon, you may have to click the Options icon. If the icon still does not display, Lucid may not be enabled for your institution.
You can also access Lucid in the Rich Content Editor as you would to embed any document from an external app.
If this is the first time you are accessing Lucid from Canvas in this course, you may be required to answer questions about your role and age. You may also be required to set up and connect to a Lucid account.
Select File
Select a file and click the Continue button.
Select Embed Settings
You can select the type of access others have to your embedded document.In Access Settings, click one of the following radio buttons:
Edit: other users can edit, view, or leave comments in the embedded document.
Comment only: other users can view the embedded document and add comments.
View only: other users can view the embedded document.
Click the Insert button.
Select View Only Options
If you choose the View only access setting, you can choose which pages to display and which Lucid viewer type to use.
To enable or disable the embedded document to automatically update, click the Automatically update the document when the integration loads checkbox.
Insert File
To embed the file, click the Insert button.
View Embedded File
View the embedded Lucid document in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button.
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button.
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.How do I bulk upload files to my user or group files as a student
Upload Files
In user or group files, click the Upload button.
Select Files
Select the files you want to upload to your user or group files.
To select a group of files, hold down the Shift key on your keyboard and click the first and last files in the group.
To select multiple files, hold down the Control (Windows) or Command (Mac) key on your keyboard and click each file.
Click the Open button.
Drag and Drop Multiple Files
You can also drag and drop multiple files to upload to your user or group files. Select multiple files and drag them to the files pane to upload them.
Replace Duplicate File
If a file with the same name already exists in the folder where you are uploading your file, you will be asked if you want to skip, replace, or rename it.
To skip the file, click the Skip button.
To rename the file, click Change Name button. This option will create a duplicate copy of the file with a different name.
To replace the file, click the Replace button.
View Upload Progress
A progress bar displays to show the progress of each file upload.
View Files
View your uploaded files.How do I change a page name in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Select Page
Click the name of the page you wish to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Rename Page
Delete the previous title, and rename the page title.
Save Changes
To save changes, click the Save button.
View the Updated Page
View the new page name at the top of the page.How do I reorder questions or question groups in a quiz as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.?
Edit Quiz
Locate the quiz you want to edit. Click the quiz Options icon, then click the Edit link. 
Open Questions
Click the Questions tab.
Locate Quiz Question or Group
Locate the question or group you want to move. 
Reorder with Drag and Drop Option
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder quiz questions or groups.
Drag Question
Hover over the drag handle next to the question or group. A pointer icon will appear. 
Click and drag the question or group to the desired location.
Drag Question into Question Group
If your quiz has a question group that does not pull questions from a question bank, you can drag and drop questions in and out of the question group.
Reorder with Move Option
If you have a large quiz, you may want to use the Move option to reorder your quiz.
Open Move Dialog Menu
Click the drag handle next to the quiz question or group. 
Move Quiz Question or Group
In the Place drop-down menu, choose the new location where you want to place the question or group. You can place the question before or after another quiz question or group. Click the Save button.
Move Question into Question Group
If your quiz contains at least one question group, the quiz creates a Question Group option. 
To move a question into a question group, click the Question Group drop-down menu and select the group name. The Place drop-down menu will update with location options within the selected group. Select the location of the question in the question group. If no questions exist in the group, the quiz defaults to the bottom of the group. Click the Save button. 
Note: To move a question out of a question group, select the Top Level option in the question group menu. Then click the Place drop-down menu to select the new location. Open Course Setup Checklist
Open Course Setup Checklist
In the Course Home Page, click the Course Setup Checklist button.
View Course Setup Checklist
The Course Setup Checklist will help you create a new course in Canvas. Open the checklist by clicking the Course Setup Checklist button. The checklist reminds you to:
Import content using the Course Import Tool
Add assignments or assignment shells on the Assignments page
Add users, such as students and TAs, to the course via the People page
Select the links you wish to display in the Course Navigation under the Navigation tab in Settings
Choose a layout for your Course Home Page
Add events and Assignments to your course Calendar
Publish the course, which will automatically send invitation emails to any students you have already added to the course (you may not have permission to complete this step; your institution may publish your course for you)
Note: Once your course contains a graded submission, you cannot unpublish your course.How do I use the Course Home Page as an instructor
View Course Home Page
The Course Home Page involves Course Navigation, the content area, and the sidebar.
To view the course home page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Notes:
If you view Canvas with a smaller screen, any sidebar content will align with the bottom of the page.
If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.
View Course Navigation
The Course Home Page is viewed from the Course Navigation Home link. 
Course Navigation includes links that help you and your students get to specific locations in the course. As an instructor, you can customize what links are shown in your course. Learn more about the Course Navigation menu.
Collapse Course Navigation Menu
To expand or collapse the Course Navigation Menu, click the Menu icon. When you choose to expand or collapse the Global Navigation menu, your preference is applied to all of your courses. 
View Content Area
Home Page content (and all Canvas content) is displayed in the content area.
The content can be a page, the syllabus, discussions, announcements, quizzes, or imported content as set by your Course Home Page layout. Your Home Page can also be set to display recent announcements at the top of the page. The content can also show the Course Activity Stream. 
The Home Page content also defines what sections display in the sidebar.
View Breadcrumbs
Breadcrumbs appear above the course content area. 
As you view course content from your Home Page, the breadcrumbs leave a trail to show where you are inside the course. You can follow these links backward to visit prior course content.
Note: If you have created a nickname for a course, the breadcrumbs display the nickname to identify the course. Otherwise, the breadcrumbs display the course code.
View Sidebar
The sidebar functions the same as the Dashboard sidebar but only shows content for the specific course and includes additional options. 
The top of the sidebar contains course tools for managing your course. 
The bottom of the sidebar includes the To Do list, in addition to other sections depending on the layout you set for the Course Home Page.
View Course Tools
In the course tools section of the sidebar, you can manage your Course Home Page in addition to viewing other helpful buttons for your course:
Import Existing Content: Allows you to import course content using the Course Import Tool. 
Choose Home Page: Allows you to change the course home page layout.
View Course Stream: Displays recent course activity and events in the course for assignments, announcements, discussions, and conversations. 
Course Setup Checklist: Displays a list of checklist items to help populate your course. 
New Announcement: Allows you to make a new announcement.
View Course Analytics: Displays analytics for your course, including page views, submission statuses, and grades.
View Course Notifications: Allows you to manage course notifications for a single course. Course notification settings only apply to the course in which they are set.
Notes: 
If you cannot view the View Course Stream button, the Home Page is the Course Activity Stream.
If you cannot view the Course Setup Checklist button, your institution has enabled the Canvas course setup tutorial instead.
Viewing course analytics requires permission by your Canvas admin.
The View Course Analytics button displays as New Analytics if the New Course and User Analytics feature option is enabled for the course. To enable new analytics, learn about managing features for a course.
View Sidebar Sections
The sidebar always shows the To Do section, which shows all items that require grading in Canvas, regardless of due date. Each item in the To Do list displays the assignment name, the number of points, and the due date for the assignment. Some assignments may display multiple due dates. Items remain in this section for four weeks. However, assignments that are not graded or do not require an online submission only display until the due date.
The sidebar can also include a variety of other sections, depending on the layout of your Course Home Page. Additional sidebar options include Coming Up or the Assignment list, Calendar and Assignment Groups, and Recent Feedback.
Manage Sidebar Items
Each section item indicates how many items need to be graded. 
If a section contains more items than are listed, a link will appear under the list that you can use to view additional items.
If there are more than 100 items in the To Do section, you must remove items before you can view any new items. To remove a To Do item, click the remove icon. 
Note: When an item is removed, the item can only be restored to the To Do section if a new submission is received for that assignment, or if an existing submission for the assignment still requires grading.How do I log out of Canvas as a student
Log Out 
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Logout button.How do I upload a file or image to my ePortfolio page as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the title of the page you wish to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add Image or File
Click on the Image/File Upload link.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button. 
Select File
Locate the file and click the Open button.
Upload File
Click the Select/Upload File button to upload the file.
Notes: 
You can also use the files you have previously uploaded to your personal files by clicking on the my files icon.
Multiple files and different file types can be uploaded to the same ePortfolio page.
Delete File
You can delete a file or image by selecting the Delete icon.
Save Changes
Click the Save Page button to save the changes you made.
View Page
View the changes you made to the page.How do I view my course interactions with an individual student as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
Open Interactions Report
Locate the user details sidebar. Depending on the page display, click the Interactions Report link or button.
View Interactions Report
The Student Interactions Report will show you information for the student in all enrolled courses. You can view the last time you interacted with the student, the current grade for the student, the final grade for the student, and if there are any submitted but ungraded assignments for the student. You can also quickly access the Conversations page to send a message to the student by clicking the message icon.How do I import a question bank from one Canvas course to another as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Content into this Course button.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Copy a Canvas Course option.
Search for a Course
In the Search for a course drop-down menu, select the course you would like to access. You can also choose to include completed courses by selecting the completed courses checkbox.
You can also search by course name in the Course Name field. Start to type the name of the course you would like to access. Click the name of the course when it appears.
Select Specific Content
In the Content section, click the Select specific content radio button. 
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
Select Content
In the Current Jobs section, click the Select Content button.
Open Question Banks
Locate the Question Banks group. Most groups will have more than one question bank. To view the Question Banks, click the group's expand icon.
Select Question Banks
To import all question groups, click the checkbox next to the group name. Canvas automatically selects all items within the group. 
Note: To import only a few question banks, select the specific items to be imported. Canvas will place a dash in the Question Groups checkbox, indicating not all items are selected within the group. 
Select Content
Click the Select Content button.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
The import may also display errors as part of the import status. Learn more about course import statuses.
When the course has completed, view your question banks by accessing the Quizzes link in Course Navigation. How do I view the page views for a user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
View Page Views
At the bottom of the User Details page, the Page Views table shows the URL the student viewed, the date the page was accessed, whether or not the user participated in the page, the interaction time with the page, and the user's browser agent. 
In the User Agent column, you can also view if the user participated in a course using an access token from a developer key. The name of the associated app will appear in the page views, which helps differentiate user access tokens from web sessions and identify the associated developer key. Page views also support activity in Canvas mobile apps, so you can view when a user accesses and participates in a course using a mobile device. Mobile page views are sent to Canvas from the mobile apps when a user leaves, or backgrounds, the app.
Participated indicates whether the user participated in an activity that required action, such as submitting an assignment, replying to a discussion, or contributing to a page.
Time is calculated by the number of seconds a user interacts with a Canvas page. Canvas records interactions at a minimum of 10 seconds or a maximum of 5 minutes to document when a user physically interacts with the page, such as clicking the mouse or using the keyboard.
You can download the page views as a CSV file by clicking the CSV link. The generated CSV file contains more information than displayed in the Page Views window, such as the IP address used for each page view.
You can filter the page views by date. To add a date filter, enter the date in the Filter by date field or click the Calendar icon.
For further details about student interaction you can view individual student analytics in a course.
Notes: 
The CSV file will only display up to 300 lines of data. Information existing outside of this range can be accessed via the Canvas Users API.
Descriptions of Page Views CSV column headings can be found in the the Canvas Users API documentation.
The Page Views CSV file contains information about user activity in Canvas. When an admin masquerades as a user, the real_user_id column displays the admin's User ID. A blank cell in this column indicates that the user was logged in.
The Date column displays in the time zone of the viewer.Open ePortfolios
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize Sections
Click the Organize Sections link.
Manage Sections
You can organize your ePortfolio sections in the menu. 
To rename a section, click the name of the section and type the new name in the field. 
To reorder a section, hover over the section name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location in your ePortfolio organization.
View Section Settings
You can also use the Settings icon to organize ePortfolio sections.
To view your options, click the Settings icon. To rename a section, click the Rename link. To delete a section, click the Delete link. 
To move a section, click the Move To... link.
Move Section
In the section drop-down menu, select the section that should come after the section you are moving. Click the Move button.
Save Changes
Click the Done Editing button.Add Question
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Fill In Multiple Blanks question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Enter Question Details
Type your question into the Rich Content Editor. You can also use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities.
Note: Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks questions that include tables may not display some question content when viewed by students.
Create Reference Words
Now replace the words you want students to enter in the question with reference words. Reference words should be surrounded by brackets and cannot contain spaces, periods, or other non-alphanumeric characters. Once you place a word in brackets, the word will populate in the Show Possible Answers for drop-down menu.
For example, red has been replaced with [color1], and blue has been replaced with [color2]. 
Enter Answer Responses for First Reference Word
A student will not get full credit for an answer if it is left blank, misspelled, or is incorrect. For each item in the dropdown menu, instructors must try to account for all of the possible correct answers that a student might give. Currently, fill-in-multiple-blanks answers are not case sensitive. Partial credit will be assigned if only one of the fields is filled out correctly.
Select the first reference word in the drop-down list and type the different versions of the right answer in the Possible Answer fields. You can add comments for each answer if you wish. Click Add Another Answer to add more answer fields. 
Note: If a student does not enter any of the possible answers but still submits a valid response, instructors may need to manually grade the quiz to restore points that they lost.
Enter Answer Responses for Additional Reference Words
Select the second item in the drop-down menu to create associated answers. Repeat this process for as many reference words as are in your question.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer.
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks question.
Student View for Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see correct responses marked with a correct answer flag. Their incorrect response will be marked with a red flag and the correct response marked with a gray flag. Partial credit will be assigned if some of the blanks are completed correctly. View Embedded Video
View Embedded Video
Embedded videos display directly in Canvas.
Note: Videos that are embedded as extra large size or larger with captions display a Captions icon.
Select Caption Language
To view the video captions, click the Settings icon then select the Captions link. To view captions in an offered language, click the language name. 
View Captions
When closed captioning is enabled, you can view the captions as the video plays.How do I use the icons and colors in the Grades page as a student
Submission Type Icons
The following icons represent different assignment submission types on your Grades page:
Document Icon: File upload submitted, not graded
Text Icon: Text entry submitted, not graded
New Quiz Icon: New Quiz submitted, not fully graded (contains questions that must be manually graded, or an auto-submitted quiz score has been deleted and needs to be reassigned); can also display if a quiz has been edited and includes major changes that affect the quiz score, such as deleting questions or deleting quiz answers, and requires a grader to manually resolve
Discussion Icon: Graded discussion submitted, but not graded
Link Icon: A URL has been submitted, not graded
Visibility Icon: Score is hidden while instructor is grading; you will not be able to view your grade, submission comments, or quiz responses until your instructor posts grades for the assignment
Quiz icon: Quiz submitted, not fully graded (contains questions that must be manually graded, or an auto-submitted quiz score has been deleted and needs to be reassigned); can also display if a quiz has been edited and includes major changes that affect the quiz score, such as deleting questions or deleting quiz answers, and requires a grader to manually resolve
Media Icon: Media recording submitted, not graded
Note: Some external tool assignments may display a dash instead of a submission icon after you submit the assignment.
Submission Details Icons
When your instructor grades your assignment, the grades page displays a blue dot next to the assignment. The indicator disappears when you navigate away or refresh the page.
Assignment updates may also include additional icons representing submission details:
Check Plus Icon: Scoring details 
Rubric Icon: Rubric details
Discussion Icon: Assignment comments
Grading Types
Each grading type shows up differently on the Grades page. Here you can see how each grading type is represented:
GPA: GPA scale
Letter: Letter grade
Percentage: Grade shown as a percentage
Dash: No submission
Check Icon: Complete grade
Grade Info Icon: Points earned from this assignment do not count toward your final grade
Number: Grade shown by number of points
EX: Excused assignment; this assignment cannot be submitted but does not factor into your overall grade
X Icon: Incomplete grade
Note: A dash may still display in the Grades page after you submit an assignment for an external tool assignment.
Colors
When an assignment's details display in gray text, this assignment has been dropped as part of an assignment group calculation and does not factor into your total score.
Status
The status column displays labels for assignments that are late or missing. If an assignment has not been submitted by the due date, it is identified as missing. If an assignment was submitted after the due date, it is identified as late.
Note: Depending on your institution, custom statuses may display.
Originality Report
If your instructor uses an originality tool, you may be able to view an originality report for your submissions. To view the originality report, click the Originality Report icon. The icon color indicates the percentage of text matched by the originality tool. A timer icon indicates the originality tool is still checking your submission.How do I use the Canvas Welcome Tour as a student
Start Canvas Welcome Tour
After logging in to Canvas, you can view a short message about the Canvas Welcome Tour. 
The Canvas Welcome Tour shows you how to find your courses, contact your instructor, download the Canvas Student app, and get help with Canvas. 
To start the Canvas Welcome Tour, click the Start Tour button.
To dismiss the Canvas Welcome Tour, click the Not Now button or the Exit icon. 
Note: Dismissing the tour will disable the tour for your account. 
Reopen Canvas Welcome Tour
If you previously dismissed the Canvas Welcome Tour, you can reopen the tour by clicking the Help link in Global Navigation and clicking the Show Welcome Tour link. 
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help menu and links within the Help menu may not display or may display differently.
Find Courses in Dashboard
The first stop of the tour shows you where to find your courses or subjects using the Dashboard link in Global Navigation. 
To proceed to the next item on the tour, click the Next button. 
To go to a previous item on the tour, click the Previous button. 
Find Courses in Courses List
The second stop of the tour shows you where to find your courses or subjects using the Courses link in Global Navigation. 
Contact Instructor
The third item on the Canvas Welcome Tour shows how to contact your instructor by using the Canvas Inbox. 
Download App & Find Help
The last tour item, shows you how to view courses and groups by downloading the Canvas Student App for iOS and Android. 
This step also shows how to find more information using the Help menu. Learn more about the Help menu.
To complete the tour, click the Done button. 
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help menu and links within the Help menu may not display or may display differently.How do I create a recurring event in my Canvas calendar as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
To add an event to your calendar, click any calendar date. You can also navigate to view previous or upcoming dates using the Previous and Next icons.
Alternatively, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From and To fields. Edit or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From and To fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
If a location is required, enter a location for the event. 
Add Event Frequency
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can select from multiple recurring options, including no repeat, daily, weekly, monthly, annually, every weekday, or a custom frequency.
Notes: Each frequency selection has an occurrence default:
daily = 365 (days in a year)
weekly = 52 (weeks in a year)
monthly = 12 (months in a year)
annually = 5 (The event will occur for five years)
every weekday = 52 * 5 (weeks in a year * weekdays)
Additionally, users can have a maximum of 400 occurrences.
Add Event Custom Frequency
To create a custom recurring event, select how often the event repeats, which day(s) it repeats on, and when it ends. Click the Done button.
Submit Event
Click the Submit button.
View Events
View the recurring events in your calendar. How do I create a peer review discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
To create a new discussion, click the Add Discussion button.
Select Graded Option
Create a graded discussion by selecting the Graded checkbox.
Require Peer Reviews
Select the Require Peer Reviews checkbox.
Assign Peer Reviews
Determine if you are going to manually assign peer reviews or automatically assign peer reviews. Select the radio button next to the option you prefer. 
Automatically Assign Peer Reviews
If you automatically assign peer reviews, the menu will expand. In the Reviews Per User field, enter the number of reviews each student will be required to complete. In the Assign Reviews field, use the calendar icon to select a date or manually enter a date for when peer reviews will be assigned to students. 
Note: If left blank, Canvas will use the discussion due date as the peer review assign date. 
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button. 
View Published Discussion
View the published discussion.
You can also attach a rubric to the discussion for students to fill out when completing peer reviews. To add a rubric to the graded discussion, click the Options icon then click the Add Rubric link.How do I view grading periods in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Periods
Click the Grading Periods tab. 
Filter Grading Period Sets
Grading periods can be filtered by viewing a term in the Terms drop-down menu, or by searching for the name of a term or grading period in the search field.
View Grading Period Sets
The Grading Periods account-level tab displays all grading period sets and their grading periods.
Each grading period set shows the name of the grading period set and the associated terms.
Manage Grading Period Sets
To edit the name or term(s) for a grading period set, click the Edit icon. To delete the grading period set, click the Delete icon.
Add Grading Period Set
To add a new grading period set, click the Add Set of Grading Periods button.
View Grading Periods
To view a grading period, expand the grading period set by clicking the arrow next to the set name.
Each grading period shows the name of the grading period, the start date, the end date, and the close date.
If your grading periods are weighted, you can view each grading period's weighted percentage. The percentages for the entire grading period set can total any number and does not have to add up to 100%. 
Note: Beneath the date fields, Canvas displays the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage an account in a time zone other than your local time zone, the account and local times are displayed for reference.
Manage Grading Periods
To edit dates for a grading period, click the Edit icon. To delete a grading period, click the Delete icon.
To add another grading period, click the Add Grading Period link. 
View Concluded Grading Periods
Once a grading period has concluded, existing grading period sets should never be edited and reused for future terms. Future terms should be added to a new grading period set, with dates defined specifically for the future term. As term dates most commonly last an entire year, new grading period sets should only have to be created annually.
Retaining concluded terms and their associated grading periods ensures accuracy in grading reports.How do I get help with Canvas as an instructor
Open Help
In Global Navigation, click the Help link.
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help link name and icon may vary.
View Default Links
There are eight default links for help or feedback:
Search the Canvas Guides: Search the Canvas Guides for information about features inside of Canvas
COVID-19 Canvas Resources: Users can view resources for teaching and learning online
Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms: Users can view and search guides and resources for using Conferences in remote classrooms and online learning
Report a Problem: Submit problems with Canvas to our support team
Training Services Portal: Access Canvas training videos and courses
Ask the Community (Non-Students Only): Exchange ideas and solutions regarding Canvas functionality with Canvas experts and your Canvas peers
Submit a Feature Idea: Submit ideas about how to make Canvas better
Show Welcome Tour: Learn more about Canvas by viewing the Welcome Tour
View Custom Links
Your institution may reorder or remove the default links. 
Your institution may remove or modify which link displays as the featured link and which link displays the New label. 
Lastly, your institution can include custom links in the Help menu. Custom links may include pages to phone numbers, support information, and other resources.
Search Canvas Guides
The Search the Canvas Guides link helps users search Canvas documentation for information about features in Canvas.
COVID-19 Canvas Resources
The COVID-19 Canvas Resources link allows users to view instructions about creating course content in Canvas. 
View Web Conferencing Resources
The Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms link allows users to access guides and resources for using web conferencing in remote classrooms and online courses. This link may not appear in your Canvas Help menu.
Report a Problem
The Report a Problem link helps users report problems in Canvas.
You may find a faster response to your question by searching the Canvas Guides. But if you can't find an answer, you can submit a ticket and get support help.
Submit Ticket
In the subject field, create a subject for your ticket.
In the description field, describe the problem you are experiencing in Canvas. Please be as detailed as possible to help troubleshoot the problem. 
The following information helps the Canvas support team more quickly resolve your question(s):
A link to the user or name and email of the user.
A link to the location where the error is occurring.
A summary of what is occurring.
A screencast or screenshot of what is occurring.
The steps you have taken for the Canvas support team to replicate what you are experiencing.
What resolutions you have already tried (i.e. cleared cache and cookies).
If you submit tickets frequently, you may prefer to use a screencasting program to create an online link to an image or create a video walkthrough. However, if you're not comfortable using online links, you can submit attachments later if necessary; once you submit the ticket, you'll receive an email from the support team. You can reply to the email with any attachment as needed.
Additional information to help the Canvas support team:
If any files are involved, please provide a copy of the file.
If it is an SIS issue, please provide the Grade Passback being used.
If it is a custom tool issue, please provide the name of the tool.
If there are any previous cases that may pertain to your question, please provide those case numbers.
In the drop-down menu, select the statement that best describes how the problem is affecting you: 
Just a casual question, comment, idea, suggestion
I need some help but it's not urgent
Something's broken but I can work around it for now
I can't get things done until I hear back from you
EXTREMELY CRITICAL EMERGENCY
When you're done, click the Submit Ticket button.
Depending on your institution's support schedule, you'll receive a reply as soon as possible. 
Open Training Services Portal
The Training Services Portal link allows users to access the Training Services Portal, which contains self-paced training resources on a variety of Canvas topics.
Ask the Community
The Ask the Community link allows users with an instructor-, TA-, or designer-based role to collaborate with other members of the Canvas community for answers to Canvas questions. This link directs to the Find Answers space in the Canvas Community.
Request a Feature
The Submit a Feature Idea link allows users to submit feature ideas to Canvas. This link directs to the Feature Ideas space in the Canvas Community.
Show Welcome Tour
The Show Welcome Tour link shows you how to set up notifications, resources instructing how to get course content online, and how to access the Canvas Guides. 
View Release Notes
If enabled by your institution, you can view release note links from the Help Menu. Release notes describe new and updated features added to the Canvas interface. The Help Menu displays the last ten release notes posted for the instructor role. You may also see notes for admin and observer roles, if you have been assigned one of those roles in a course.
To view a release note document, click the link for the release. The document contains a user summary of release information relevant to instructors. The Help Menu also includes a short description and the date the release notes were published.
The Help Menu displays a numbered badge for any release notes that have not been viewed. To hide the numbered badge, click the Show badges for new release notes button.
Note: Feature options are not mentioned in release notes until the feature will become a default feature for all users.How do I view global activity for all my courses in the Recent Activity Dashboard as an instructor
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
Open Global Activity Stream
Click the Options icon and then click the Recent Activity link.
View Global Activity
The Global Activity Stream contains recent notifications from all of your courses, including announcements, discussions, assignments, and conversations. This activity stream helps you see all recent activity in your courses and easily ask questions and post to discussion forums. Unlike course cards, the activity stream does not mimic the visibility of Course Navigation links. 
Activities are indicated by activity type and display an icon for the activity. Each activity also includes the name of its associated course. 
New activity in your account is indicated by an unread icon. Discussions and Announcements indicate new activity items published in a course, and Conversations indicate a new message received from a user in a course. Recent Activity items remain for four weeks.
Expand and Collapse Notifications
You can view the details of each activity by hovering in the notification area and clicking the Show More link. To collapse recent activity, click the Show Less link.
Manage Recent Activity
You can directly access your recent activities by clicking the course link. To remove a notification, click the remove icon.How do I delete a collaboration as a student
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Delete Collaboration
Locate the collaboration and click the Delete icon.
Remove Collaboration
To remove a Google Assignments collaboration, click the Yes, remove button.
Delete Google Doc
If you are deleting a Google Doc, Canvas will ask you if you want to delete the collaboration from Canvas or also delete from Google Docs.
If you only want to delete the Google Doc link from Canvas, click the Just Delete from Canvas button. This option removes the Google Doc link from Canvas, but users can still access the document in their Google account. 
If you want to remove the document from Google Docs as well, click the Also Delete From Google Docs button. 
Note: The Also Delete From Google Docs option immediately deletes the document from Google Docs, and the document cannot be recovered. If you want to retain the document for your records, open the Google Doc and change the sharing and owner settings, or create a copy of the document before deleting.How do I regrade a Multiple Answers quiz question as an instructor
Open Quizzes
To regrade a quiz, in Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Edit Quiz
Find the quiz you want to regrade and click the Options icon, then click the Edit button.
Open Questions Tab
Click the Questions tab.
You can regrade:
Multiple Choice Questions
True/False Questions
Multiple Answers Questions
Edit Multiple Answers Question
Locate the multiple answers question in the quiz. Hover over the question until the edit icon appears. Click the Edit icon.
Select New Correct Answer
Hover over the answer you want to select as the new correct answer until a green ghost arrow appears. Click the green arrow to select the new answer as the correct answer. 
Select Regrade Option
Canvas recognizes you have changed the correct answer for this question. In the regrade options dialog box, select a regrade option by clicking the radio button next to the option you want to apply to this quiz question.
Note: The Award points for both corrected and previously correct answers option is not available for this question type.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Save Quiz
When you've finished editing your quiz, click the Save button. 
Note: Regrade options will not apply until you have re-saved the quiz. 
Save It Now
If you exit the quiz without saving, Canvas asks you to save your changes when you return to the quiz. To update your changes, click the Save It Now button. 
For help viewing or reverting grade changes in the Gradebook, visit the grading history lesson. 
Student View
When students view their quiz results, they see a notification if their quiz has been affected. The attempt history also reflects the regraded score.How do I delete an announcement in a group as a student
Open Announcements
Open a group in which you are a member. Then, in Group Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Delete in Announcement Page
To delete an announcement from the index page, locate the announcement. Click the Options icon and click the Delete link.
To delete multiple announcements at a time, click the checkboxes next to the announcements you want to delete and click the Delete icon.
Delete Open Announcement
You can also delete an announcement by opening the individual announcement. Click the name of the announcement.
Delete Announcement
Click the Options icon and click the Delete link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I add a media comment to a submission as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment
Click the assignment title link.
Open Studio Capture
On the Submission Details page, click the Media Comment link.
Open Record Media
By default, the Record Media tab displays in the Studio Capture window.
Select Mic and Webcam Options
The media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone and web cam. 
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select from the displayed options. 
To change your webcam settings, click the Webcam button. To disable video recording, select the No Video option. 
Record Media
Click the Start Recording button. A count down begins.
Finish Media Recording
The media recorder displays the length of your current recording. 
To restart your recording, click the Start Over button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button. 
Preview and Save Media
To preview your recorded media, click the Play button. 
To title your media, enter a title in the File name field. 
To save your recorded comment, click the Save Media button. 
View Media Comment
Your recorded media comment displays on the Submission Details page. 
To view the recorded media, click the Play button.How do I edit a course page as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Choose Page
Click the title of the page you wish to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Note: You will only see the Edit button if you are allowed to edit the page.
Edit Content
Edit the content using the Rich Content Editor or switch to the HTML Editor.
Save Changes
You can notify users that content has changed by selecting the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox. Click the Save button.
View Page
View your changes.How do I restrict student access to a course before or after the course dates as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Set Restriction Options
Courses may be assigned to the Default Term or a specific term. By default, students will be able to participate in the course within the term dates. However, your course may allow students to participate within course dates and have set course start and end dates. 
By default, student access checkboxes are not selected, meaning students can view courses before and after term or set course dates. To retain this default for the course, do not select any checkboxes. 
To restrict students from viewing a link to the course before the term start date, click the Restrict students from viewing course before term start date checkbox. 
To restrict students from viewing a link to the course before the set course start date, click the Restrict students from viewing course before course start date checkbox. If the course start date is blank, students can access the course before the term start date.
To restrict students from accessing the course after the term end date, click the Restrict students from viewing course after term end date checkbox. 
To restrict students from accessing the course after the set course end date, click the Restrict students from viewing course after course end date checkbox. If the course end date is blank, students can access the course after the term end date.
Change Student Access
The default checkbox settings are passed down from the account level. By default, student access checkboxes are not selected, meaning students can view and access courses before and after course participation dates. 
Depending on your admin, the student access setting may vary in your course. 
View Locked Setting
If your admin has locked one or more settings, locked settings are grayed out and cannot be changed. 
If your admin has not locked one or more settings, you can change the settings for your course as necessary. If any settings are already selected, the selection indicates the default for the entire institution.Using an external tool in my course
Review Course Navigation Settings
External Apps are not always enabled in Course Navigation by default. To enable a Course Navigation link, click the Settings link. Then click the Navigation tab. 
Locate the external app and ensure it is enabled. When finished, click the Save button.
Review Current External Apps
You can also verify that the External Tool is added in your course. In Course Settings, click the Apps tab. Then click the View App Configuration button.
App Configurations displays a list of all apps in your course. If the desired app is not there, you may need to add the LTI. You may need to reach out to your Canvas admin for help adding an app.
Review External App Documentation
Not all apps display a link in Course Navigation. You may only access some apps from Assignments or Modules or when using the Rich Content Editor. You can manage external app placement for a course.
For more information about an app's exact availability and functionality within Canvas, review the documentation created by the application's provider or contact the app support team for further information.How do I delete an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Delete Assignment
Locate the assignment you want to delete and click the Options icon. Click the Delete link.
Confirm Delete
Click the OK button.How do I use free-form comments instead of ratings in a rubric in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
View Rubric
Click the View Rubric button.
Resize Rubric
To view the entire rubric window, you may need to scroll both vertically and horizontally. To resize the rubric window, click and drag the sizing column horizontally.
Complete Rubric
In the Ratings column, enter a comment for the criterion. If you want to save the comment to use again for other students, select the Save this comment for reuse checkbox. 
In the points column, enter a score for the criterion. Each score will create the total points for the assignment. 
Reuse Comments
If you select your comment for reuse, in your next student assessment, the comment displays as an option in a comments drop-down menu. 
Note: Comments saved for reuse cannot be edited or deleted.
Save Rubric
Click the Save button.
View Rubric
If you set your rubric for grading, the rubric points will be automatically populated in the grade field. Otherwise, you can enter the grade from the rubric manually.How do I view outcomes or student results individually in the Learning Mastery Gradebook from the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Gradebook
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Switch to Individual Gradebook
Click the Learning Mastery Gradebook menu and then click the Individual Gradebook link.
Select a Section
In the section drop-down menu, select the section you want to view.
Hide Student Names
To hide student names in the Gradebook Individual View, select the Hide Student Names checkbox. To download scores in a CSV file, click the Download Results button. 
Select Student
In the Student drop-down menu, select the name of the student whose information you want to view. If you want to view all students beginning with the first student in your course or section, click the Next Student button.
Remember, student names will be sorted by last name and displayed according to your section preference in the Global Settings drop-down menu.
Select Outcome
In the Assignment drop-down menu, select the outcome you want to view. If you want to view the first outcome in your course, click the Next Outcome button.
View Gradebook Information
Once you select a student and an outcome, the Result, Student Information, and Outcome Information will display all corresponding content. Scroll down the page to view each of these sections. You can revisit the Gradebook settings at any time to hide and show settings. 
View Next Student or Outcome
To view the next student, click the Next Student button. 
To view the next outcome, click the Next Outcome button.
You can always select individual students and/or outcomes by clicking each respective drop-down menu.
Switch Gradebooks
To switch to the Default Learning Mastery Gradebook, click the Gradebook drop-down menu and then click the Learning Mastery Gradebook link.Enable Third Party Cookies in Chrome
Enable Third Party Cookies in Chrome
Open Google Chrome.
From the top right, click the More icon (three vertical dots) and select the Settings option.
On the left side navigation, click the Privacy and security link.
Click the Third-party cookies option.
To enable third party cookies, select either the Allow third-party cookies option or the Block third-party cookies in Incognito mode option.
For more information, see Clear, enable, and manage cookies in Chrome.
Enable Third Party Cookies in Edge
Open your Edge browser.
From the top right, click the Menu icon (three dots) on the tool bar and select the Settings option.
Under Advanced Settings, click View Advanced Settings. Or, for Edge 123, select the Cookies and site permissions option.
Under Cookies, select Don't block cookies. Or, for Edge 123, click the Block third-party cookies toggle off.
For more information, see Allow or Block Cookies in the new Microsoft Edge.
Enable Third Party Cookies in Firefox
Open Firefox browser.
From the top right, click the three vertical lines and then select the Settings link.
From the left side navigation bar, click the Privacy & Security link.
Under Browser Privacy, select the Standard option.
For more information, see Third-party cookies and Firefox tracking protection.
Enable Third Party Cookies in Safari
Open your Safari browser.
From the top navigation menu, click the Safari link and then select the Settings link.
Click on the Privacy tab. 
Make sure both the Prevent cross-site tracking and the Block all cookies checkboxes are unchecked.
For more information, see Manage cookies and website data in Safari on Mac.How do I view the Admin Analytics Course Dashboard as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Analytics link.
Open Course Dashboard
To open the Course Dashboard, click the Course link.
View Course Dashboard
In the Course Dashboard, you can view the following quick statistics and charts:
Published or concluded courses with activity
Courses with an average grade less than 70%
Courses in which 60% of students have no activity in last 7 days
Feature use in courses with activity
Content feature use in courses with activity over time
Activities feature use in courses with activity over time
Individual courses with an average grade less than 70%
Courses with low student activity
Learn more about viewing and managing statistic and chart data.
Note: All statistics and charts display data based on the selected filters. How do I download all student submissions for an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
View Assignment
Click the name of the assignment you want to view.
Download Submissions
Click the Download Submissions link. 
View Progress
Canvas will generate the assignment submissions together and download them to your computer as a .zip file. You can view the status of the download in the progress bar and also by download percentage. 
Download File
When the file is finished processing, download the file by clicking the Click here to download link. Canvas will also include the size of the download file as part of the link for your reference.
To close the download window, click the close icon.
Open ZIP File
Once the file has been downloaded, locate the ZIP file on your computer. To open the file, either double click to open it (Mac users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users).
When the file expands, click the submissions folder to view the assignment submissions.How do I create a File Upload question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add File Upload Question
Click the Add File Upload button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can enable a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Limit File Uploads
To limit the number of file uploads allowed for students, click the Limit File number checkbox. Then type the file number in the Number field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the value.
Note: If the Limit File number option is not selected, students are allowed unlimited uploads to a question.
Restrict File Types
To restrict the file types that can be uploaded by students, click the Restrict File Types checkbox. Then enter the file extensions separated by commas in the File Types field.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.How do I delete pages in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Delete Pages
Select the checkbox of the page or pages you want to delete. Then click the Delete button. 
Note: You will be unable to delete a page if it is used as the Front Page for your course.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm deletion of the selected pages, click the Delete button. How do I conclude a course at the end of a term as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Conclude This Course
To conclude your course, click the Conclude this Course link.
Conclude Course
Click the Conclude Course button.
View Confirmation
Verify that the course has been concluded. 
Note: Admins can unconclude courses if necessary. If you are an instructor, please contact your admin for assistance.What is the difference between a Canvas Assignment and a Canvas Activity
Canvas Assignments vs. Canvas Activities
Canvas makes a clear distinction between activities that students do for a grade (Canvas Assignments) and activities that students do to absorb new information, practice a new-found skill, or interact with a group to begin solving a problem (Canvas Activities).
Students may be asked to engage in a number of Canvas Activities before they work on a Canvas Assignment, which will be evaluated by the instructor or their peers.
When a Canvas Assignment is created, a new column is added to the gradebook (the "Not Graded" type being the only exception to this rule). Instructors and students will find that Canvas Assignments are automatically included on the Calendar, Assignments, and Syllabus pages. Also, Canvas Assignments can be evaluated with Rubrics and they can be aligned to course Outcomes.
In contrast, when a new Canvas Activity is created, no new column is added to the gradebook. Students will find Activities linked on their respective pages (i.e. published Quizzes will show up on the Quizzes page), but they will NOT appear on the Assignments and Syllabus pages or the Calendar (the one exception being a Calendar event, which does show up on the Syllabus page and on the Calendar). 
At this time, Canvas Activities CANNOT be evaluated with Rubrics or aligned to course Outcomes.
Keep in mind the following when creating any kind of Canvas Assignment:
Instructors can set a due date for Canvas Assignments. Canvas Assignments without a due date will be categorized as "Other" in the Calendar and on the Syllabus page.
Instructors can place Canvas Assignments into Assignment Groups and choose to weight final grades. Canvas will then calculate the final grade based on the percentages assigned to each Assignment Group.
Points can be assigned to any Canvas Assignments except Non Graded Assignments. Non Graded Assignments will still appear on the Assignments and Syllabus pages but they will NOT appear in the Gradebook.
Instructors can set an "Available from" date that will determine when students have access to a Canvas Assignment.
Instructors can set an "Until" date that will determine when students can no longer submit an Assignment or take a Quiz.
Canvas files have quota limits set for each user area: user (personal) files, course files, and group files. For instructors, any attachments added to an assignment description count against the course quota. For students, Files uploaded using the Rich Content Editor count toward your user storage quota. However, files uploaded as an assignment submission do not count toward your user quota. . Any attachments added for group assignment submissions are uploaded directly into the group files.
Once a file has been uploaded as a submission, files cannot be deleted from the student's files. Additionally, file submissions cannot be deleted from the assignment. If a student needs to submit a new file, the student can re-submit the assignment.
Additional options for Assignments and Graded Discussions:
Assignments and Graded Discussions can be assigned to Instructor-created Groups and Self Sign-Up Groups for group work.
Assignments and Graded Discussions can be Peer Reviewed. Students use the same Rubrics and SpeedGrader™ interface that Instructors do to evaluate their peers' work.
Assignments, Graded Discussions, and Quizzes can be created with varied due dates.
Additional options for Assignments only:
Assignments can be created that have No Submission. These work well for in-class presentations, daily participation points, or other optional activities used for extra credit. 
Assignments can be created that have Online Submissions. Students can submit work in the form of file or image uploads, URLs, text entry, Google Docs, or audio or video recordings or uploads.
Assignments can also be delivered to the instructor On Paper. On Paper Assignments are usually evaluated by hand and grades are manually entered in the gradebook.
How do I include extra credit activities in the final grade?
Here are two ways of accounting for extra credit:
If you want to add an extra credit assignment to a specific Assignment Group, create a regular Assignment for zero points. When the submission comes in, add points manually in the gradebook.
Assignments with No Submission can also be used for extra credit. This works well for classroom duties, such as moderating a discussion or for in-class presentations. Enter points manually in the gradebook.
How can I turn a Collaboration, Conference, or Page into a Canvas Assignment?
If one or more students are collaborating in a Google Doc to complete a project, they will be able to submit that Google Doc as an online Assignment. Instructors will be able to view the history of a Google Doc to see who has contributed to the document.
If students are collaborating in Pages using the Rich Content Editor, they can submit the URL of their Page as an online Assignment. Instructors will be able to click on the Page history link to see who has contributed to the Page.How do I use Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
To view class discussions, click the Discussions link in Course Navigation.
Open Discussion
Click the name of a discussion.
View Discussion
A discussion displayed in the Discussions Redesign interface includes three sections: the discussion toolbar, discussion topic, and discussion replies.
View Discussion Toolbar
The discussion toolbar remains at the top of the discussion topic when you are viewing discussion replies.
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the All drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies. 
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button. 
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the Inline button.
View Anonymous Discussion Message
If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, a message displays noting that your name and profile picture will be hidden from other course members.
View Discussion Topic
The discussion topic section includes important information about the discussion, including the discussion title and description.
You can also view the name of the author, user role labels for TAs and Teacher (Instructor) roles the date and time the discussion was published, due date, the number of points possible, and number of replies.
Note: If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. Posts created by the instructor display the instructor's name and profile picture. 
View Discussion Options
To view the Options menu for a discussion, click the Options icon.
To mark all replies as read, click the Mark All as Read link. To view the discussion rubric, click the Show Rubric link.
Note: If the Show Rubric link does not display in the Options menu, a rubric has not been added to the discussion by your instructor.
View Discussion Replies
Discussion replies display below the discussion topic. Learn how to view and sort discussion replies and report discussion replies.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
View Discussion with Required Replies
If you are unable view responses from other students, you may be required to make a reply before you can view them. Once you reply to the discussion, any other replies will be visible.
View Group Discussion
If a discussion is a group discussion, you will be directed to Discussions in your group.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing discussion topics or replies, you will enter and edit your content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor allows you to format text, link text to course or external content, insert media, and attach files. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor.How do I enable self-enrollment in an account and allow students to self-enroll in a course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Settings, click the Settings link. 
Allow Self-Enrollment
In the Settings tab, locate the Allow Self-Enrollment drop-down menu.
Set Self-Enrollment
Select the type of self-enrollment permission you want to enable. 
To enable courses that aren’t linked to any SIS data or affected by SIS imports, click the For Manually-Created Courses option. 
To enable any type of course, whether manually-created or created using the SIS Import tool, click the For Any Courses option.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I manage Account Calendars as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Calendars
In Account Navigation, click the Account Calendars link. 
View Account Calendars
The Account Calendar Visibility page displays all available account calendars for your institution. 
To filter account calendars, enter the account calendar name in the Search field or click the Show All drop-down menu.
By default, all calendars are disabled. To allow users to add calendars to their Canvas calendar, click the checkbox next to the account name.
View Account Calendars Subscription Options
By default, all calendars are set to the manual subscribe option where users have the option to add the account calendar to their Other Calendars list. 
To automatically display the account calendar in the user's Other Calendars list, click the Manual subscribe drop-down menu and select the Auto subscribe option. 
Note: To change the subscription option, you must click the checkbox next to the calendar name first.
Apply Selected Account Calendars
After selecting the account calendars, click the Apply Changes button. Users will be able to view and subscribe to the account calendar.
Note: To remove the account calendars, deselect the checkbox next to the account calendar name and click the Apply Changes button.How do I add a Scheduler appointment group in a course calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
In the Calendars list, click the checkbox for the calendar in which you want to add the appointment group. Appointment groups can be added to multiple calendars.
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Open Appointment Group
Click the Appointment Group tab.
Create Name and Location
Type the name of the appointment in the name field. Type the location of the appointment in the location field.
Select Calendars
Click the Select Calendars button. To select the course(s) or section(s) where you want to show the appointment group, click the checkbox next to the course name or section name. To close the Calendar list, click the Done button.
If you want to select certain sections from your course, click the arrow icon.
Notes: 
The calendar cannot be modified once the appointment group is saved. However, additional calendars can be added to the original appointment group.
If the course or section you want to select does not display in the Select Calendars list, return to the calendar and click the checkbox for the course or section in the Calendars list.
Allow Group Signup
If you have created at least one group set in your course, you can have students sign up in groups by clicking the Have students sign up in groups checkbox. Then select the name of the group category you want to use for the group signup. 
Note: The groups option is only available if you previously selected the calendar for the entire course. You cannot select a calendar for a specific section because Canvas does not currently support sections in groups.
Allow Observer Signup
To allow observers to sign-up for appointments, click the Allow observers to sign up checkbox.
Set Appointment Time Range
In the date field, enter the date of the appointment. You can also select a date by clicking the Calendar icon. 
Set the time range for the appointment by typing in the time range field. You must include at least one time slot.
You can split the time range into multiple time slots by entering the division time into the time field. For instance, if you want to create 15-minute meeting times from 2:00 pm until 5:00 pm, enter the number 15. 
To create the time slots, click the Go button.
Modify Appointment Times
You can manually change any appointment time created by the division. If you want to remove an appointment time, click the Remove icon.
Notes: 
The appointment date, time range, and appointment slots cannot be modified after the appointment group is saved. However, additional dates, time ranges, and appointment slots can be added to the original appointment group. 
You must create at least one time slot for each appointment group.
Set Appointment Options
You can limit how many users can sign up for a time slot by clicking the Limit each time slot checkbox and typing the number of time slots in the limit field. If you selected the option to have students sign up in groups, this field reads as Limit each time slot for x groups. 
To make the appointment slots public to students in the course, click the Allow students to see who has signed up for time slots that are still available checkbox. Selecting this option also allows students to see comments other students add to their appointments.
If you want to limit the number of appointments available, click the Limit participants to attend [number] appointment(s) checkbox.
Note: When using the group signup option, only one group member needs to sign up for a time slot on behalf of their group. Each member in the group will see the appointment on their own group calendar.
Add Appointment Details
If you want to add details about the appointment group, type them in the details field.
Publish Appointment Group
Click Publish button.
View Calendar
View the appointment dates and times in your course calendar. Students can reserve time slots. Observers, if allowed, can also reserve time slots. Time slots that have been reserved by users will show as a solid color.
Note: If you added an appointment group to more than one course, appointment slots only display in the calendar for the first course shown in the appointment group.How do I reset course content as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Reset Course Content
In the sidebar, click the Reset Course Content link.
Confirm Course Reset
Click the Reset Course Content button. How do I create a Categorization question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Categorization Question
Click the Add Categorization button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add a question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Categories
To name a category, type the name in a Category field. Each category must have a unique name. To add a new category, click the Add Category link.
To delete a category, click the Delete icon.
Add Answers
To add an answer for a category, type the answer name in an Answer field below the category where it belongs. To add a new answer, click the Add Answer link.
To delete an answer, click the Delete icon.
Add Distractors
You can also add distractors to a question. Distractors will appear with the answer choice but do not belong to any of the categories. To add a distractor, click the Add Distractor link and type the distractor name in the Additional Distractor field.
Set Options
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can enable a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.How do I prevent students from switching groups in self sign-up groups as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Edit Group Set 
Click the group set Options menu, then click the Edit link. 
Save Group Set
Deselect the Allow self sign-up checkbox. Click the Save button.How do I view course activity for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Tools link.
Open Logging
Click the Logging tab. 
Select Log Type
From the log type drop-down menu, select the Course Activity option.
Search by Course Name or Course ID
Search by Course ID or course name. You can locate your course ID number at the end of your course URL (i.e. canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX).
Once you start to type the course information, Canvas will generate a drop-down list of matching Canvas courses. Results are based on valid field entries, so if no results appear (especially if searching by name), confirm the information and try again.
You can also enter a date range in the date fields. Dates are not required, but adding dates will narrow your results.
Find Course Activity
Click the Find button.
View Course Activity
Canvas will display any applicable results for the field(s) you selected:
The Date of the activity
The Time of the activity
The User who performed the activity
The Type of activity (concluded, unconcluded, published, deleted, restored, updated, created, copied to, copied from, reset to, and reset from)
The Source of the activity (manual or via API)
The Event Details of the activity type (click View Details link) How do I delete a conversation as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Multiple Conversations
To select multiple messages to delete, click the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select. You can also click the checkbox or use the same keyboard command to deselect a message.
Delete Conversation
Click the Delete icon.
Note: You can only delete your copy of the conversation. You cannot delete the conversation for all recipients.
Delete Multiple Conversations
To delete multiple conversations, select the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to delete. Then click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
Select the OK button. All messages from that conversation are deleted. What tools and computer skills do I need to use Canvas
Required Tools
Canvas Web
Computer, laptop, or other device that meets the Canvas basic computer requirements
Supported web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari) that has been updated to the current or first previous major version
Canvas Mobile Apps
Mobile device that supports the latest version of any Canvas mobile app
App download of Canvas Student (Android/iOS), Canvas Teacher (Android/iOS), or Canvas Parent (Android/iOS)
Required Skills
You will likely need the following skills in order to use Canvas. Other skills may be required by your institution or instructor in order to provide or complete coursework.
Connect to the Internet using wireless or wired network
Enter a URL/web address
Enter text using a keyboard or other software
Navigate Canvas using a mouse, keyboard, or other device
Understand file extensions
Download and upload a file
Resources
Computer Basics
If you want to complete an online tutorial to learn computer skills, try one of these courses:
Computers & the Internet - Khan Academy
Basic Computer Skills Courses - GCF Global
Internet Basics - GCF Global
Smartphones & Tablets - GCF Global
In addition to the resources above, you may be able to find computer skills training from your institution, local library, or other community resource.
Note: The resource links above are external links that are not managed by the Canvas Community team or Instructure.
Browser Download
To download a web browser or update your browser to the most recent version, use one of these options:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari (only available for Mac computers and iOS devices)
Device Support
If you are having issues using your device or want to learn more about it, use one of these links:
Mac Support (Apple computers)
Microsoft Support (Windows computers)
iPhone Support (Apple devices)
Android Help (Android mobile devices)How do I view all aligned items and artifacts within an outcome as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Open Outcome
Click the outcome you want to view. To view all aligned items, click the name of the outcome.
View Aligned Items
View the assessments and activities aligned to the Outcome. Aligned Items are identified with an icon displaying the item type: rubric or assignment. This change helps identify the item for easier management within outcomes and clarify items that have similar titles. 
Aligned items also show whether the item can be removed from the outcome. 
Alignments displaying a rubric type display a blue remove icon. Clicking the rubric name will open the rubric, where you can edit the rubric or delete the rubric.
Alignments displaying an assignment type display a gray lock icon. Gray icons mean that the aligned item cannot be removed because it is associated with a rubric. To remove the aligned item, you would have to open the rubric and remove the row that is associated with the outcome. 
View Outcome Artifacts
Under Outcome Artifacts, you can view the progress of individual students on each artifact (the aligned assessment or activity). You can view the student response details by clicking the name of the assignment. The Check Mark icon signifies the student has received a high enough score to satisfy the outcome threshold value. If you want to view all outcome results for a specific student, click the all outcome results for this student link.
Note: Outcome results are tied to level of outcome access. Account outcomes display on the account report, while the sub-account outcomes display on the sub-account report. The only time outcomes would be displayed on both reports is if they are stored in both accounts, such as copying an account outcome to the sub-account level. Outcomes created at the course-level display on the course-level and will not appear on account or sub-account level outcome reports.How do I organize my ePortfolio pages as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize/Manage Pages
Click the Organize/Manage Pages link. 
Manage Pages
You can organize your ePortfolio pages in the menu. 
To rename a page, click the name of the page and type the new name in the field. 
To reorder a page, hover over the page name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location in your section organization.
View Page Settings
You can also use the Settings icon to organize ePortfolio pages.
To view your options, click the Settings icon. To rename a page, click the Rename link. To delete a page, click the Delete link. 
To move a page, click the Move To... link.
Move Page
In the page drop-down menu, select the page that should come after the page you are moving. Click the Move button.
Save Changes
Click the Done Editing button.How do I manage video options in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Video Options
To manage video options for a video previously uploaded in the Rich Content Editor, select the video, then click the Video Options button. 
Note: The Video Options button will not display for videos embedded from other websites.
Manage Video Options
To edit the video title, use the Title field. 
By default, videos created or uploaded using the Rich Content Editor will display as an embedded video. To display as a text link that will open in a new tab when clicked, select the Display Text Link option. 
To manage an embedded video's size, select the Size drop-down. 
Any closed caption or subtitle files that have been added will display in the Closed Captions/Subtitles section. To remove a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Delete icon. To a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Add icon. 
Notes: 
SRT and VTT caption files are supported in the Rich Content Editor.
Users can view video captions in the Canvas apps. However, iOS devices can only display captions in WebVTT format. If you use another format besides WebVTT, users on iOS devices will not be able to display the video captions.
Save Video Options
To save your changes, click the Done button. How do I view my recent page view history in Canvas as an admin
Open History
In Global Navigation, click the History link. 
View Recent History
Recent History displays a list of course content and content areas you have viewed within the last three weeks. Page views are listed in chronological order with the most recent page view listed first. List items display the following information:
Activity Icon: the Canvas feature or course activity type
Course Link: the name of the course content area or content item name
Course Name: the name of the course in which you viewed the item; if set, the course nickname displays.
Viewed Date: the date and time when you viewed the page; if the page view occurred within the last 24 hours, a time stamp of [n] hours ago displays
View Recent History Icons
The following icons display in Recent History: 
Home: viewed a course home page
Announcements: viewed a course or group Announcements page or a course or group announcement
Assignments: viewed a course Assignments Index page or an assignment
Pages/Collaborations: viewed a course or group Pages Index page, Collaborations page, course or group page, or course or group collaboration
Conferences: viewed a course or group Conferences page
Discussions: viewed a coure or group Discussions page or a course or group discussion
Files: viewed a course, group, or user Files page or a course, group, or user file
Grades: viewed a student's grades page, a course gradebook, or an assignment in SpeedGrader
Modules: viewed a course Modules page
Outcomes: viewed a course Outcomes page
People: viewed a course People page
Quizzes: viewed a course Quizzes page or a quiz
External Tools (LTI): viewed an external tool from Course Navigation or opened an LTI in the courseHow do I add users to a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Add People
Click the Add People button.
Select User Search
To add a user, you can search for users with up to one of three options: email address, login ID, or SIS ID. 
To select a search option, click the radio button for your preferred search method. 
Notes: 
If you are copying and pasting user information from a spreadsheet, you do not have to filter out information that does not apply to your search option. For instance, if you copy in a line with an email address and login ID and select the login ID search option, Canvas will disregard the email address and only search for users with the entered login ID. 
To add multiple users, separate user information using a comma or a line break.
Search by Email
By default, the search field is set to search by email address. In the text field, enter the email address for the user. You can copy and paste multiple users at one time, such as from a comma separated value (CSV) file, by placing a comma or line break between users.
When searching by email address, the user's institution-assigned email address should be used whenever possible. For the majority of institutions, each user should have an email address associated with the user's account and may be the same as the user's login ID.
Instructors can add users through one of several formats, which also support user names: 
"A User" buser@example.com
buser@example.com B User
"User, C" cuser@example.com 
Email addresses can be enclosed by less than ( < ) or greater than ( > ) symbols, although it is not required.
Search by Login ID
To add a user by login ID, click the Login ID radio button.
In the text field, enter the login ID for the user. You can copy and paste multiple login IDs at one time by placing a comma or line break between login IDs. 
When searching by login ID, you should use the login ID format found in the Canvas login page for your institution (e.g. username, student ID, etc.). The example format in the login ID field may differ from the format used in your institution. If you are not sure how to format users for your institution in the text field, please contact your Canvas admin.
Login IDs do not support entries that include a user's name; any entered content in the Login ID search field will be included as the search content. 
Search by SIS ID
If your institution allows you to view SIS IDs in your course, you can also search for users by SIS ID. 
To search for users by SIS ID, click the SIS ID radio button. In the text field, enter the SIS ID for the user. You can copy and paste multiple SIS IDs at one time by placing a comma or line break between SIS IDs. 
SIS IDs do not support entries that include a user's name; any entered content in the SIS ID search field will be included as the search content. 
Note: The SIS ID button only displays for users with SIS permissions.
Select User Details
In the Role drop-down menu, assign the user(s) a role for the course based on available course roles.
In the Section drop-down menu, assign the user(s) a section in the course.
If you want to limit the user(s) to only interact with other users in their section, click the Can interact with users in their section only checkbox.
Click the Next button.
Note: If you are adding multiple users at the same time, all users inherit the same role and section.
Add Existing Users
If Canvas finds an existing user, you can confirm the user before adding the user to the course. 
The user's name displays in the page along with the user's information you used in the user search. Although Canvas may display additional search columns, existing information in a user's account will not be displayed.
When you are ready, click the Add Users button. 
If Canvas did not find your intended user, you can click the Start Over button.
View Search Results
If Open Registration is disabled for your institution and Canvas is not able to find a match for the user(s), Canvas will notify you that a match was not found. 
To try a new search, click the Back button.
Add New User
If Open Registration is enabled for your institution and Canvas is not able to find a match for the user(s), you can choose to add the user(s) to your course.
Canvas may ask you if you want to create a new user account if the user does not have a username in the course's account, the user's email address is linked to another user within the account, or the institution does not use delegated authentication. 
To add all users in the search results, click the Select All checkbox. To add an individual user, click the checkbox next to the user's name.
Add via Email Address
If you searched for users in a format that includes a user’s name, any selected users will automatically include the users' names in the enrollment list. You can make adjustments to the user name, if necessary.
If the user’s name was not included, you can choose to add a name to associate with the user’s email address. Otherwise, Canvas will use the user’s email address as the user’s name.
Click the Next button.
View Unverified Email Message
If you add a user via email and their email address has not been verified, you may see an error message. If you are unable to add a user with an unverified email to your course, you must wait for the user to verify their email address, or add the user by either SIS ID or Login ID.
Add via Login or SIS ID
If you want to add a user via a login or SIS ID, you can choose to add a name to associate with the user. You are also required to include an email address for the user. 
If no user name is entered, Canvas will use the user’s email address as the user’s name.
Once you have entered an email address, you can click the Next button.
Add Users
Confirm the users you are adding to the course via your selected search method. Click the Add Users button.
View Pending Enrollment
Until the user accepts the course invitation, the user's status will display as pending. Note that observer invitations will only show as pending if the invited observer does not already have a Canvas account. 
If you added a user without a Canvas account, the user can create an account as part of the course invitation process.
Once the user has accepted the course invitation, you can interact with the user in the course. You can also send messages to the user via Conversations.
If necessary, you may be able to edit a user's role in Canvas. 
Note: It could take up to 24 hours for users to receive their invitations. Canvas will not consider the user to be enrolled—and won't recognize the user anywhere in Canvas—until the invitation has been accepted. If necessary, you can resend course invitations.How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as an observer
View Account
To view your user information, click the Account link. A menu will expand and display links to access your notification settings, personal files, user settings, and the observing page (if enabled). 
You can also use the Logout button to log out of Canvas.
View Dashboard
The Dashboard is the landing page after you log in to Canvas. The Dashboard can be toggled to a course view, or recent activity view and shows notifications for all current Canvas courses.
View Courses
To view your courses, click the Courses link. The Courses menu displays your favorite courses. If no courses are selected as favorites, the course list display all current courses. If a course includes term dates, the name of the term displays as part of the course listing.
To view a course, click the name of the course. To customize your courses list or view all your Canvas courses, click the All Courses link. 
View Calendar
To view your Calendar, click the Calendar link.
View Inbox
To view your Inbox, click the Inbox link. The Inbox is the Canvas messaging system where you can communicate with the teachers of your child's courses. You also can message your own child.
View History
To view your recent Canvas course page view history, click the History link. Recent History displays up to three weeks of your Canvas course page view history. 
View Help
To get help with Canvas, click the Help link. Select the help option that is relevant to your needs. 
Note: Depending on your student's school settings, the Help menu may display different options. 
Collapse Global Navigation Menu
To expand or collapse the Global Navigation Menu, click the arrow icon.
The Global Navigation Menu will be automatically collapsed for tablet screens.How do I apply a Missing Submission policy in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Gradebook Settings
Click the Settings icon. 
View Late Policies
In Gradebook Settings, view the Late Policies tab.
Apply Missing Submission Policy
Click the Automatically apply grade for missing submissions checkbox. Selecting this checkbox will automatically apply the grade you set for any missing submissions in the course. 
Set Missing Submission Percentage
Set a percentage in the Grade percentage for missing submissions field. 
Apply Settings
Click the Apply Settings button.
View Grades
View the affected grades in the Gradebook.
View Grade Detail Tray
In the Grade Detail Tray, you can view details about the submission. When a submission applies to a missing policy, the Grade Detail Tray displays the given grade. To remove the late penalty from a submission, enter a grade in the grade field. Once a grade has been manually assigned, the Missing submission policy no longer applies and the label is automatically removed.How do I sort the student list in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open SpeedGrader Options
To open SpeedGrader options, click the Settings icon. In the settings drop-down menu, click the Options link. 
Sort Student List
To open the sorting options for the student list, click the Sort student list drop-down menu.
Select Sorting Option
Select the sorting option you prefer for the student list. 
You can choose to sort by student name (alphabetically), the date they submitted the assignment, by submission status (needs grading, not submitted, etc.). You can also randomize the order of students or randomize students within a submission status.
Save Settings
To set the SpeedGrader Options, click the Save Settings button.How do I edit or delete discussion replies as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click a discussion title.
Open Options Icon
Each of your posts have a settings icon with edit and delete options. Click the Options icon on the post you want to modify. 
Edit Discussion Reply
Locate the student reply you want to edit and click the Options menu. Then select the Edit option.
Save Edits
Edit the discussion reply in the Rich Content Editor. To post your edits, click the Done button.
Verify Edit
Canvas displays an Edited by label on the edited post. The label displays your name and the date and time the post was edited. This label cannot be removed.
Delete Reply
To delete your reply to a discussion topic, click the reply Options icon, then select the Delete option.
Confirm Delete
Click the OK button.
Verify Delete
If you delete a discussion reply with other course user replies attached, Canvas shows a Deleted by notification. The notification includes your name and the date and time the post was deleted. This entry cannot be removed. 
However, if you delete a reply that does not have any course user replies attached, Canvas does display a Deleted by notification. 
Note: Course instructors can see that you deleted your replies in the discussion.
View Restricted Options
If your instructor has restricted the option to edit or delete your discussion replies, the options are disabled.
Note: If the ability for students to edit or delete their own posts is restricted in a course with Discussions Redesign enabled, the Edit and Delete options do not display in the Options menu.How do I filter the Calendar view by course as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
The Calendar page displays your Canvas user calendar as well as calendars for courses in which you are enrolled. 
Select Displayed Calendars
You can select specific calendars to display in the Canvas Calendar. In the sidebar, select the calendars you want to display. The Calendar page can display events and assignments for up to 10 courses at a time. 
Selected calendars display a filled box next to the calendar name. 
Deselected calendars display an empty square.
Customize Calendar Color
Canvas assigns an arbitrary color for each course calendar. However, you can select a custom color for each course. Click the calendar More icon. 
Select one fo the fifteen default colors, or enter a hex code for a custom color. To apply your calendar customizations, click the Apply button.How do I create a question bank in a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Manage Question Banks
Click the Options icon and click the Manage Question Banks link.
Add Question Bank
Click the Add Question Bank button.
Create Question Bank
Name the question bank and press Return (on a Mac keyboard ) or Enter (on a PC keyboard).
Open Question Bank
Open the question bank by clicking the title of the question bank. 
Question Bank Options
After opening the Question Bank, you can:
Add a Question 
Edit Question Bank Details 
Move Multiple Questions 
Delete Question Bank 
Verify Question Bank Bookmark (by default new Question Banks are bookmarked automatically)
Align Outcomes
Add a Question
Click the Add a Question button.
Create New Questions
Add as many individual questions as you wish to your question bank. Click the Update Question button to save your changes.
View Questions
View the questions in your question bank. To view question details, click the Show Question Details checkbox.
Now you can reference this single bank of questions in many different quizzes.
Note: Questions details are not available in question banks with more than 50 questions.How do I manage the Content Security Policy for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Security Tab
Click the Security tab.
Note: The Security tab only displays in Account Settings if you have enabled the Content Security Policy feature option.
Enable Content Security Policy
To enable the Content Security Policy for an account, click the Enable Content Security Policy toggle.
Add Domain to Allowed Domains
To add a domain to your allowed domains, type the domain name in the Domain Name field. 
Click the Add Domain button.
Note: Wild card domains (e.g., *.instructure.com) are recommended. Wild cards include all subdomains tied to the domain name (e.g., example.instructure.com).
View Allowed Domains
You can view all allowed domains in the Allowed Domains list as well as the number of allowed domains contained in the list.
Remove Allowed Domain
To remove a domain from the Allowed Domains list, click the Delete icon.
View Associated Tool Domains
You can view domain names that have automatically been added to your allowed domains in the Associated Tool Domains list.
All Canvas and Instructure domain names are automatically added to allowed domains and do not count against the 50 domain limit. Additionally, LTI tools in your account are also automatically added to allowed domains and do not count against the 50 domain limit.
Notes: 
To remove a domain for an LTI tool, the LTI tool must be removed from the account or sub-account.
Associated tools are only listed once in the list of associated tool domains, even if they have been installed in multiple sub-accounts.
Manage Sub-Account Content Security Policy
Sub-accounts can manage their own Content Security Policy or choose to inherit the policy from a parent account.
By default, sub-accounts are set to inherit the Content Security Policy from the parent account.
Note: When policy settings are inherited from a parent account, domain editing is disabled at the sub-account level.
Enable Content Security Policy
To manage the Content Security Policy from the sub-account level, disable the Inherit Content Security Policy toggle and enable the Enable Content Security Policy toggle.
Disable Content Security Policy
To disable the Content Security Policy for the sub-account, disable the Enable Content Security Policy toggle.
Manage Individual Course Settings
The Content Security Policy automatically applies to all courses in the account or sub-account where the policy is enabled.
To disable the Content Security Policy for the course, navigate to the course Settings page and click the Disable Content Security Policy checkbox.
To save your changes, click the Update Course Details button.How do I manage feature options for a course as an instructor
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Feature Options Tab
Click the Feature Options tab.
View Feature Options
In the Feature Options tab, a list of available feature options displays. Features are only available if they are enabled for your institutions account by an admin.
Each course feature includes a feature description. Click the arrow icon next to the feature to expand the feature box and display the description.
Filter Feature Options
To filter by all features, enabled features or disabled features, click the Filter drop-down menu.
Search Feature Options
To search for a feature option, type a keyword in the Search field. 
View Feature Tags
Feature tags help identify the state of each feature. A feature with no label means the feature is stable and ready for use in your production environment. 
Features may also include a Feature Preview tag, which means the feature is in active development. You can opt-in to the feature and join the Community user group to help improve the feature through direct feedback. Access to the user group is noted in the description of the feature option.
View Feature States
Each feature displays a feature state as set by your admin.
Enabled features display an Enabled icon.
Disabled features display a Disabled icon. 
Notes: 
Features states that have been locked by an admin will not display in the course Feature Options list. 
Course features are activated on a course-by-course basis.
Manage Feature States
To enable or disable an unlocked feature, click the feature's State icon.
To enable the feature, click the Enabled option.
To disable the feature, click the Disabled option.
Notes:
Features states that have been locked by an admin will not display in the course Feature Options list.
Depending on feature functionality, when you enable a feature to On, Canvas may display a warning message asking to confirm your option, as some course features may have unintended consequences if turned Off.How do I select personal pronouns in my user account as a student
00:00: How do I select personal pronouns in my user account as a student?
00:05: In Global Navigation, click the Account link.
00:09: Then click the Settings link.
00:12: Click the Edit Settings button.
00:15: In the Pronouns drop-down menu, select your personal pronouns.
00:20: Click the Update Settings button.
00:23: You can view your personal pronouns in your User Settings. our personal pronouns will also display after your name in many areas throughout Canvas.
00:32: This guide showed how to select personal pronouns in a user account as a student.
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Select Pronouns
In the Pronouns drop-down menu, select your personal pronouns.
Notes: 
If the Pronouns drop-down menu does not display in your User Settings, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Pronoun options are managed by your institution. You cannot add pronoun options.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Pronouns
You can view your personal pronouns in your User Settings. Your personal pronouns will also display after your name in many areas throughout Canvas.How do I view course files as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Course Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Open a Folder
To open folder contents in the preview pane on the right-hand side, click an unlocked folder from the left-hand side.
Open File
Click the name of the file.
Preview File
The preview displays the file and file information details, as well as a link to download the file.
You can scroll through the document, zoom in and out, and view the document in full screen.
View Button
You can also preview a file by clicking the View button.
Download Files
Click the Options icon and then click the Download link.How do I view Announcements as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
View Announcements Page
The Announcements Index page displays global settings at the top of the page, followed by the individual announcements. 
Announcements are listed in reverse chronological order with the newest appearing first and the older announcements appearing towards the bottom.
Filter Announcements
To view all or only unread announcements, click the filter drop-down menu. 
To search for an announcement by title, enter keywords in the Search field.
View Announcements
Each announcement includes the title of the announcement, the picture of the user who posted the announcement, an unread indicator near unread announcements, the announcement post date, and the number of unread/total replies in the announcement.
To mark all the announcements as read, click the Mark all as read button.
Note: If an announcement shows the letter U in place of a profile picture, the announcement was imported or copied from another course in Canvas. Additionally, copied announcements do not include a posted date and time.
View External Feeds
To view all External Feeds and subscribe to the RSS feed, click the External feeds link.
View Announcement
To view an announcement, click the name of the announcement.How do I view a rubric for a discussion in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
Show Rubric
Click the Options icon and select the Show Rubric link.
Note: If a rubric has not been added to a discussion, the Options menu includes a Add Rubric link.
View Rubric
View the rubric.
To edit the rubric, click the Edit icon. To find an existing rubric to replace the current rubric, click the Find icon. To remove the rubric from the discussion, click the Delete icon.What are the Canvas accessibility standards
Screen Readers and Browsers
Each Canvas feature and release is manually tested with the following screen reader and browser combinations:
JAWS (latest version for Chrome/Firefox on Windows)
NVDA (latest version for Chrome/Firefox on Windows)
VoiceOver (latest version for Safari/Chrome on Macintosh and iOS mobile)
Talkback (latest version for Android mobile)
Browser and screen reader pairing is selected based on current screen reader and browser usage statistics, ensuring that preferred combinations are always maintained for the widest range of Canvas users. As preferences shift and stabilize over time, Canvas testing and support shift to match them.
Canvas is designed so that screen reader users can confidently utilize their preferred screen reader and browser. However, the variety of browser and screen reader combinations means that only the above-listed combinations are tested and confirmed to work well in Canvas. If you experience issues using your preferred browser and screen reader combination, please review and utilize the officially supported combinations listed above. If you experience issues with the officially supported screen reader and browser combinations, please report your experience to Canvas Support.
Learn more about supported Canvas browsers.
Canvas Navigation with Screen Readers
Canvas makes extensive use of ARIA landmark regions. Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) defines ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities. Therefore, the best way to get around in Canvas is to navigate via regions. Within regions, Canvas uses HTML headings, so navigating between headings can be helpful.
When using a screen reader, the Canvas page navigation menu is as follows:
1. Main navigation
2. Context navigation
3. Breadcrumbs navigation
4. Main region
5. Complimentary information
6. Content information
Canvas Accessibility Components
Canvas contains several unifying accessibility features that can be found on various pages in Canvas.
Moving Content in Canvas
Wherever drag and drop is used to reorder components, the Move-to option is also available and allows both screen readers and keyboard users to move Canvas content. The Move-to option is available in the following features:
Course Navigation
Modules
Discussions
Assignments
Outcomes
Quizzes
New Quizzes
Keyboard Shortcuts
To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts in an individual discussion, announcement, or in the Rich Content Editor, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts in the Assignments Index page, Modules Index page, Gradebook, and SpeedGrader, press Shift+? on your keyboard. Keyboard shortcuts are available on the following Canvas pages:
Announcement Threads
Assignments Index Page
Course Settings: Navigation Tab
Discussion Threads
Gradebook
Modules Index Page
New Quizzes
Rich Content Editor
SpeedGrader
Notes:
For more information, view the Canvas Keyboard Shortcut resource document and general keyboard accessibility tips.
You can also view additional keyboard shortcuts and tips specific to the following screen readers: JAWS, NVDA, and VoiceOver. 
Canvas Feature Accessibility
Several Canvas features have been specifically improved for accessibility. Other features may be limited at this time. This section highlights several feature areas and accessibility behaviors.
Calendar: The Calendar supports Agenda View, which lists all assignments and events in a list or agenda format. Learn how to access the Calendar Agenda View.
Chat: The Chat Tool has an option to enable audio notifications when new messages are posted.
Font Sizing: The Canvas interface uses rem sizing for fonts so any typography will zoom when the browser is zoomed and will scale if a custom browser-sized font is chosen or set from a browser's setting.
Gradebook: Both the Gradebook and the Learning Mastery Gradebook support an individual view, where instructors can view assignments and grades for one student at a time. Learn more about individual view in the Gradebook and Learning Mastery Gradebook.
Quizzes: Quizzes allows instructors to moderate a quiz for individuals requiring more time or who need multiple attempts. Learn how to grant extra time or attempts in a quiz.
New Quizzes: New Quizzes allows instructors to moderate a quiz for individuals requiring more time or who need multiple attempts. Learn how to grant extra time or attempts in a New Quiz.
Rich Content Editor: The Rich Content Editor supports multiple accessibility features for easy creation of accessible content:
The Rich Content Editor includes an accessibility tool that checks common accessibility errors within the editor. This tool can help you design course content while considering accessibility attributes and is located in the Rich Content Editor menu bar. Learn how to use the Accessibility Checker in the Rich Content Editor.
Alt text should be added when embedding external images. Learn how to embed images from the web in the Rich Content Editor.
Closed captions should be embedded for videos uploaded to Canvas. Learn how to view and manage captions using the Rich Content Editor.
Headings for table columns and rows can be changed in either the Rich Content Editor or the HTML Editor view.
SpeedGrader/DocViewer/Annotations: Students can now access annotations and comments with a screen reader, including information about the annotation type, author name, comment, and any reply comments at the end of the document. Please see blog post for more information.
User Settings: The User Settings page hosts two feature options to enhance accessibility. Learn how to change user settings.
High Contrast UI: When enabled, this feature offers higher contrast in buttons, tabs, and other areas throughout Canvas.
Underline Links: When enabled, this feature underlines hyperlinks in navigation menus, the Dashboard, and page sidebars.
Third-party (LTI) Integration Accessibility
Canvas offers many optional LTI app integrations as part of our commitment to open education. When we review new integration tools, accessibility features are always an important consideration. Unfortunately, as integrations are created by third-party developers and offered to Canvas clients as an optional service, we cannot always ensure that these integrations meet the same standards that we hold for core Canvas. Therefore, if an institution wants to incorporate an integration where additional features may be required, we recommend the institution contact the developer directly with any specific concerns.
Some integrations are non-optional hosted services within Canvas. Any accessibility issues for Canvas-hosted services should be submitted as a help ticket via the institution's support process. We are open to suggestions for new integrations and have an area in the Instructure Community forums for feature requests.
Additional Accessibility Resources
Universal Design Online content Inspection Tool (UDOIT): (pronounced, You Do It) enables faculty to identify accessibility issues in their Canvas course content. It will scan a course, generate a report, and provide resources on how to address common accessibility issues. It was created by the Center for Distributed Learning (CDL) at the University of Central Florida (UCF).
Significant contributions to this guide were made by:
John Raible: Instructional Designer for the Center for Distributed Learning at the University of Central Florida
Nancy Swenson: Instructional Designer for the Center for Distributed Learning at the University of Central FloridaHow do I create a Multiple Choice quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Multiple Choice question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit Multiple Choice Question Details
To build a multiple choice question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Question response options 
Text for the answer comments under each answer and/or at the end of the question
Create Answers with Rich Content Editor 
To create your answer with the Rich Content Editor, hover over the response and click the Edit icon. This switch will allow you to post video, audio, math equations, and more in the answer response. Click the Done button when finished.
Add or Delete Answers
Click the Delete icon to the right of an answer to delete it. Click the Add Another Answer link to create as many distractors as you like. Multiple Choice questions can have more than four answers.
View Correct Answer
Correct responses are indicated in green, while incorrect responses are in red. 
By default, the text in the first answer field is the answer that will be considered correct by Canvas. The correct answer is identified by a solid green arrow next to the answer, and the answer comment is also green.
Change Correct Answer
To select another response as the correct answer, hover your cursor to the left of the answer you want to reveal a faded green "ghost" arrow. Click the arrow.
The arrow will become solid green, and the answer comment will also turn green to indicate the correct answer has changed.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer. 
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View of Multiple Choice Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Multiple Choice question in a quiz.
Student View of Multiple Choice Correct Answer
This is what students see if they are allowed to see correct answers after submitting the quiz.
Students can see which response was correct by viewing the green flag. Credit is assigned if the student answers a Multiple Choice question correctly. Notice that the blue answer comment appears whether or not the student answers this question correctly.
Student View of Multiple Choice Incorrect Answer 
This is what students see if they are allowed to see correct answers after submitting the quiz.
Students can see which response was incorrect by viewing the red flag. No credit is assigned if the student answers a Multiple Choice question incorrectly. Notice that the blue answer comment appears whether or not the student answers this question correctly.How do I delete a group set in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Delete Group Set
In the group set, click the Options menu, then click the Delete link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button. How do I find my unread messages in the Inbox as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
View Unread Message
All unread messages have an indicator next to the message. Once a Conversation has been read, the blue dot changes to a gray circle.
Mark as Unread
If you want to mark a conversation as unread, click the read indicator. The message will now show the unread indicator.
Mark Multiple Messages
You can mark multiple conversations as unread or read by pressing the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking multiple messages, or by selecting the message checkbox. 
Click the More Options icon and select the Mark all as unread link. 
To mark unread conversations as read, select the Mark all as read link.
Select Unread Conversations
To view only unread messages, open the the Inbox drop-down menu. Select the Unread link.How do I delete a conversation as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Multiple Conversations
To select multiple messages to delete, click the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select. You can also click the checkbox or use the same keyboard command to deselect a message.
Delete Conversation
Click the Delete icon.
Note: You can only delete your copy of the conversation. You cannot delete the conversation for all recipients.
Delete Multiple Conversations
To delete multiple conversations, select the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to delete. Then click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
Select the OK button. All messages from that conversation will be deleted. 
Note: New messages sent to you by any participant in a deleted conversation will still appear in your Inbox. How do I move and organize files as a student
Move File via Move Button or Options Icon
In user or group files, locate the file you want to move. Click the line item for the file.
To move the file via the toolbar, click the Move button. 
To move the file via file settings, click the Options icon, then click the Move link. 
Select the folder where you want to move the file and click the Move button.
Move File via Drag and Drop
You can also manage your files using a basic click-and-drag method. Click the file name and drag the file to the desired folder. Once you see the folder highlighted, release your mouse. The file has been moved. 
You can also move a file from the right pane to the left pane. 
Note: You can only move a file within the right pane or from the right pane to the left pane. Files are organized in alphabetical order. While you can still move files into folders, you cannot rearrange the alphabetized structure of the files and folders. 
Move Multiple Files
To select multiple files, press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking the line for each file you want to select.
To select all files, click the command + A keys (Mac) or the control + A keys (Windows).
To select a range of files click the first file you want to select, hold down the Shift key, and then click the last file you want to select. All files between the first and the last file will be selected.
Note: You can also use the same key command to deselect a file.How do I create a folder in Files as an instructor
Open Files
In Course, User, or Group Navigation, click the Files link.
Add Folder
Click the Add Folder button.
Name Folder
Type the name of the folder in Name field. To save the name of the file, press Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) key or click the Check button. To return to the previous title, click the Cancel button.
View Folder
Your folder will appear in both panes of the Files view. You can organize your files on Canvas by moving them to folders.
Delete Folder
To delete a folder, click the line item for the folder and then click the Delete icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link.
Note: Deleting a folder will also delete all files in that folder.What student information system (SIS) integrations are available in Canvas
Instructure Supported SIS Integrations 
Instructure supports Canvas integrations with the following Student Information Systems: 
Aeries
Aspen
Aspire
Blackbaud
Classlink *
Focus
Infinite Campus
PeopleSoft (Oracle)
Pinnacle (Wazzle)
PowerSchool
ProgressBook (DASL) 
Q (Mistar/Aequitas)
Qmlativ (Skyward)
Sapphire
SchoolTool
Skyward (SMS)
Sunet LMS *
Synergy
* This integration does not currently support grade passback (GPB). 
Other SIS Integrations
If your institution's SIS provider is not listed above as an Instructure Supported integration, your SIS provider may support an integration with Canvas. For more information, please contact your SIS provider. 
Alternatively, you can utilize the SIS Import Tool to bulk-upload your institution's SIS data to Canvas. Learn more about Canvas SIS Import Format Documentation and Canvas API documentation.What is Canvas Data Services using Canvas Data 1
Canvas Data 1 will be deprecated on December 31, 2023. Canvas Data 1 guides will be removed from the Community end of June 2024.Learn more about accessing data using Canvas Data 2.
Canvas Data Services
As an admin, you may choose to install Canvas Data Services in your account. Canvas Data services allows you to configure data streams to access Live Events data from Canvas. Data stream configuration requires an Amazon SQS or HTTPS URL.
Canvas Data Files
Admins can use Canvas Data schemas and APIs to get insight on topics such as accreditation, improving course design, assessing student engagements, and enabling student intervention. 
As part of the Canvas Data Portal, the Canvas Data schema includes documentation that explains all the table data that is exported from Canvas. Relevant files can be compared and used to answer questions such as:
‪Which departments/courses/teachers are fully adopting the LMS tool?
‪What makes a successful department/course/instructor?
‪Which courses are being retaken?
‪How can our institution improve student retention?
‪Which learning objects are actually used by students?
‪How much time do successful students spend on the course?
‪When should an instructor intervene with a student?
‪What courses fit a student’s learning style?
‪How are students doing in the course (current and historical)?
How can students plan to be more effective?
ODBC Analytics Tools
Canvas Data files can be used to create visual analysis using queries and reports in ODBC analytics tools.
 Common tools include Excel (using Amazon Redshift), Tableau, R, and SQL Workbench/J. Most other ODBC and Java database connectivity (JDBC) PostgresSQL clients should support the data, but pgAdmin is not supported.How do I create a new page in my ePortfolio section as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize/Manage Pages
Click the Organize/Manage Pages link.
Add Another Page
Click the Add Another Page link.
Add Page
Type the name of the new page in the page name field and press Return (on a Mac keyboard) or Enter (on a PC keyboard).
Manage Page
You can edit your ePortfolio pages in the menu.
To rename a page, click the name of the page and type the new name in the field.
To reorder a page, hover over the page name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location.
View Page Settings
You can also edit your ePortfolio pages through the Settings menu. 
To rename a page, click the Rename link. To delete a page, click the Delete link. To move a page, click the Move to... link.
Save Page
Click the Done Editing button.
Add Page Content
To add content to your page, click the name of the page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add Content
You can add content to your ePortfolio in several different ways. You can add Rich Text Content, HTML/Embedded Content, Course Submissions, or Image/File Uploads. 
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.How do I edit or remove an account outcome group in Improved Outcomes Management as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome Group
Click the name of the outcome group you want to modify.
Edit Outcome Group
To edit the outcome group, click the Options icon and click the Edit link.
Edit Group Details
You can edit the name and description for the outcome group.
To save your changes, click the Save button.
Remove Outcome Group
To remove an outcome group, click the Options icon and click the Remove link.
Note: Removing an outcome group will also remove all outcomes in that group from your account and any courses that imported the outcome group.
Confirm Removal
To confirm you want to remove the group, click the Remove Group button.How do I allow pop-ups for Canvas in my browser
View Blocked Pop-ups in Chrome
Chrome displays a pop-up icon when a pop-up window is blocked.
Allow Pop-ups in Chrome
To allow pop-ups for Canvas in Chrome, click the pop-up icon. Select the Always allow pop-ups and redirects from option. Click the Done button.
View Blocked Pop-ups in Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Edge displays a message in the browser's address bar when a pop-up window is blocked.
Allow Pop-ups in Microsoft Edge
To allow pop-ups in Microsoft Edge, click the Settings and More icon and select the Settings option. In Settings, select the Cookies and site permissions option. In the All Permissions section, click the Pop-ups and redirects link. In the Pop-ups and redirects page, scroll to the Allow section and click the Add button. In the Add a Site window, type in your Canvas URL and click the window Add button. The Canvas URL displays in the Allow section. Learn more about allowing pop-ups in Microsoft Edge.
View Blocked Pop-ups in Firefox
Firefox displays an alert message when a pop-up window is blocked.
Allow Pop-ups in Firefox
To allow pop-ups for Canvas, click the Preferences button, then select the Allow pop-ups for option.
View Blocked Pop-ups in Safari
Safari displays the pop-up icon in the address bar when a pop-up is blocked.
Open Safari Preferences
To allow pop-ups for Canvas in Safari, click the Safari menu, then click the Preferences option.
Allow Pop-ups in Safari
In the Preferences window, click the Websites tab. In the sidebar, click the Pop-up Windows link. Locate your institution's Canvas URL. In the Block and Notify drop-down menu, select the Allow option.How do I customize the Canvas Help Menu for an account as an admin
Customize Help Menu
In Global Navigation, click the Help Menu link, then click the Customize this menu link.
View Help Menu Options
In the Settings tab, locate the Help menu options section.
Customize Name
By default, the Canvas Help menu text displays as Help. To change the text, enter the new name in the text field. 
The name of the Help menu displays in Global Navigation, the footer of the login page, and the top menu bar in SpeedGrader. The name should be no more than 30 characters.
Customize Icon
By default, the Help navigation icon displays as a question mark. To change the navigation icon, select another icon from the included icon set. The selected icon displays a square border.  
The navigation icon currently only displays in Global Navigation. To best assist your account users, the navigation icon should compliment the name of the Help menu.
Customize Help Menu Links
You can allow your users to view up to eight default Help menu links according to their role:
Conference Guides for Remote Classrooms: Users can view and search guides and resources for using Conferences in remote classrooms and online learning
COVID-19 Canvas Resources: Users can view resources for teaching and learning online
Ask your Instructor a Question (Students Only): Students can quickly send their instructor(s) questions about their courses; messages are copied to the Conversations Sent folder and moved to the Inbox when a reply is received
Search the Canvas Guides: Users can search the Canvas Guides for information about features inside of Canvas
Report a Problem: Users can submit problems with Canvas; tickets are either sent to Canvas or your own support team, depending on your institution's preference to manage support tickets
Training Services Portal: Users can access training resources provided by Instructure
Ask the Community (Non-Students Only): Users can exchange ideas and solutions regarding Canvas functionality with Canvas experts and their Canvas peers
Submit a Feature Idea: Users can submit ideas about how to make Canvas better
Manage Default Links
To move a default link up or down in the menu, click the up or down arrow. To delete a default link, click the Delete icon. To edit a default link, click the Edit icon. 
Notes: 
The Help menu links also display when a user accesses the Help menu from the Login page. However, even when enabled, Ask Your Instructor a Question, Ask the Community, and Training Services Portal links are never part of the Help menu in the Login page since the Login page does not associate a user by role.
The Show Welcome Tour link cannot be modified or removed from the Help menu.
Edit Default Links
To edit the name of a default link, type in the Link name field. To edit the description of a default link, type in the Link description field. To select which users can view a default link, click the user role Available to checkboxes. Options include Everyone, Students, Teachers, Admins, Observers, and Unenrolled. Unless otherwise changed, all user roles are selected for custom links. 
Use the Features checkboxes if you wish to have the link display with a New label or as a featured link. To add a custom featured headline, edit the Featured headline field. You may only have one featured link and one new link in the Help menu.
To save your changes, click the Update link button.
Note: The Link URL cannot be changed for default links.
Restore Default Links
If you want to restore a default link in the Help menu, click the Add Link button and select the name of the link. Faded links cannot be added as they are already in the Help menu. 
Restore Default Links
If you'd like to add a custom link to the Help menu, click the Add Link button, then click the Add Custom Link option.
Add Link
In the Link name field, enter the link name.
In the Link description field, enter a description for the link.
In the Link URL field, enter the URL for the link. This field is required. 
The link URL field also supports the telephone URL and mailto schemes. 
To create a click-to-call link in the Help menu, enter tel:+ followed by the internal format of the phone number (country code, area code, and number) in this field. Additionally, users can use the telephone link to call the number through their computers. When a user clicks the link, the user receives a confirmation alert before the call is placed. (Users may be able to access telephone links when viewing Canvas in a mobile browser, although mobile browsers are not officially supported by Canvas.) 
To create a mailto scheme in the Help menu, enter mailto: followed by the email address. When a user clicks the link, the user's browser opens the email service configured in the user's browser and creates an email to the designated email address. If no browser configuration is set, the browser will try to pass the email link to a desktop email program.
For the Available to checkboxes, select the user(s) who can view the link. Options include Everyone, Students, Teachers, Admins, Observers, and Unenrolled. Unless otherwise changed, custom links select checkboxes for all roles.
Use the Features checkboxes if you wish to have the link display with a New label or as a featured link. To add a custom featured headline, edit the Featured headline field. You may only have one featured link and one new link in the Help menu.
Click the Add Link button.
Manage Custom Links
To move a custom link up or down in the menu, click the up or down arrow. To edit a custom link, click the Edit icon. To delete a custom link, click the Delete icon.
To add another custom link, click the Add Link button.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I attach a file to a discussion reply as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion you want to participate in.
Create Reply
Click the reply field.
Attach File
After adding content using the Rich Content Editor to the discussion reply, click the Attach link. 
Note: If you do not have a file attachment icon in your Discussion reply, your instructor has disabled this feature.
Browse for File
Depending on your browser, click the Choose File or Browser button to locate personal files on your computer.
Note: Once an attachment is posted to a discussion post, the attachment cannot be deleted.
Select File Upload
Browse personal files on computer and select the file or files you wish to attach. Double click the selected files or click the Open or Choose button to upload the files to the discussion reply.
Note: You can only upload one attachment in your reply.
Post Reply
Click the Post Reply button.
View Discussion Reply
View your discussion reply. Your attached file will appear under the text.How do I submit a Lucid document for a Lucid assignment as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Open Lucid
Complete the assignment using Lucidchart or Lucidspark.
Note: If this is your first time accessing Lucid from Canvas in this course, you may be required to answer questions about your role and age before connecting to your account. You may also be required to set up and connect to a free Lucid account.
Submit Assignment
To submit the assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
Add Submission Comments
To add submission comments, use the Comments field. 
To submit your comments and assignment, click the Submit button. 
View Submission in Canvas
View the confirmation of your assignment submission in Canvas. How do I use the Pages Index Page as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Front Page
Pages is designed to open to the designated front page for the course. Global settings are at the top of the page, followed by the individual page content. 
You can also use the Front Page for the course home page. 
Note: If your course does not yet have a front page, Pages will open to the Pages Index Page.
View Pages Global Settings
For individual pages, global settings include Viewing All Pages, publishing and unpublishing the page, and editing the page. 
In the Options drop-down menu, you can delete the page and view the page history. 
Note: You cannot delete a page that is set as the Front Page.
View All Pages
To view the Pages Index from the Front Page or any individual page, click the View All Pages button.
View Pages Index Page
The Pages Index has two global functions, to add new pages and delete selected pages. 
The rest of the Index displays the individual pages created in Canvas. Your front page is identified with a Front Page tag. 
You can schedule when a page will be published and can view when a page is scheduled to publish.
Sort Pages
Pages displays the page title, creation date, last edit, and student to-do date for each page in your course. Pages are arranged in alphabetical order. You can view the pages within the Index in ascending or descending order by clicking the arrow next to the heading.
Manage Individual Pages
To edit a page, click the name of the page.
To manage an individual page, click the page Options icon. Using the Options drop-down menu, you can edit the page name, delete the page, set any page as your front page, duplicate the page, send the page to another instructor, or copy the page to another course.
Notes:The Front Page option only displays for published pages.
View Blueprint Course
If your course includes Blueprint icons, your course is associated with a blueprint course. Blueprint Courses are courses managed as a template and may contain locked objects managed by a Canvas admin, course designer, or other instructor. 
The Course Details tab in Course Settings will tell you if your course is a blueprint course. Most commonly, your course will not be a blueprint course and you can only manage unlocked content in your course. If your course is a blueprint course, you can lock and sync course content to associated courses. 
View Student View
To view the pages index page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I view and manage statistic and chart data in Admin Analytics as an admin
In the beta environment only, Admin Analytics and Course Analytics data is pulled from Canvas Data 2 (CD2)/Data Access Platform (DAP). All data will be migrated to CD2/DAP on August 1, 2024. You can migrate your data to CD2/DAP before August 1, 2024 by contacting your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
View Admin Analytics
In Admin Analytics, you can view data via the Overview, Course, or Student Dashboards. Statistics and charts vary depending on the dashboard.
View Statistic or Chart Description
To view a statistic's or chart's description, hover over the statistic or chart Information icon. 
Manage Statistic or Chart Options
To manage options for a statistic or chart, hover over the statistic or chart and click the Options icon. 
To download statistic or chart data, click the Download data link. 
To see an expanded or full screen view of the chart, click the View option.
To refresh the statistic's or chart's cache, click the Clear cache & refresh link.
View Additional Chart Data
You can view details for a data point included in a chart by hovering over the data point.
To view additional information on a data point, click the data point. 
Note: Due to the size of data included, it's not possible to view or download data from the Interactions Over Time chart. 
Zoom into Chart Area
To zoom into a specific area of a chart, click and drag your cursor around the area in which you want to view.
To zoom out to the original view, click the Reset Zoom button. 
Manage Additional Chart Data
A modal displays additional data point information. Columns vary depending on the chart and data point selected.
To view selected filters, click the Filters arrow.
To sort data by a column, hover over the column and click the Sort icon.
To manage options for a column, hover over the column and click the column's Options icon.
If a course name is listed in the modal, you can navigate to the course by clicking the course name.
To download data point information, click the Download link. You can download up to 5,000 rows of information.
To close the modal, click the Close icon.
Learn more about dashboard charts and statistics.How do I configure a manual entry external app for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to Manual Entry.
Add App Details
In the name field, type the name of the app. Type the consumer key and the shared secret in the appropriate fields.
Add Launch URL and Domain
In the Launch URL field, enter the Launch URL (source of the iframe for the link) to match the app to Canvas. Example: https://www.launchurl.com
You can choose to enter a domain in the Domain field. The domain is optional and may be included with or replace launch URL. Type the appropriate URL or domain in the domain field. Example: domain.com
Note: URLs must be iframe enabled and accept POST requests. Additionally, apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS). 
Set Privacy
Select the Privacy drop down menu to set the privacy settings:
Anonymous: No identifying information about the user will be sent to the vendor
Email Only: The user's email is the only identifying information sent to the vendor. 
Name Only: The user's name is the only identifying information sent to the vendor.
Public: Various identifying information (name, email, Canvas ID, SIS ID of the course, SIS ID of user, etc.) is sent to the vendor.
Add Custom Fields and Descriptions
Type a custom field in Custom Fields. Custom fields can be used to add extra parameters, such as making the tool appear in an embedded or mini state.
Type a description of the app in the Description field.
Submit App
Click the Submit button.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
Note: Verifications only take place in the same context for an existing external app (such as installing the same app multiple times in the root account).
View App
View the newly configured external app.
To manage the app, click the Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage app placements, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
To add an external app to the Rich Content Editor toolbar, click the Add to RCE toolbar toggle. This option is only available for external tools that support placement in the Rich Content Editor.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.How do I edit a page in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you wish to change.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button to make changes to the page.
Edit Content
Edit the content and add links and media using the Rich Content Editor or switch to the HTML Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
View Changes
View the changes you made to the page.How do I submit a text entry assignment as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
View Course Assignments
Click the name of an assignment.
Start Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Start Assignment button. 
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Open Text Entry
To submit a text entry assignment, click the Text Entry tab. 
Submit Text Entry
Type or copy and paste text into the Rich Content Editor. Click the Submit Assignment button.
Add Media
As part of your text entry assignment submission, you can record media or upload a media file.
You can also embed images from Canvas or upload images in your text entry assignment submission. 
View Submission
The Sidebar displays information about your submission. 
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page. 
Notes: 
After submitting an assignment, the assignment will still appear in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions. 
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. How do I set up an assignment to be sent to my institution's student information system (SIS) as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Edit Assignment
To set up an assignment that has already been created, click the name of the assignment and click the Edit button. 
Sync to SIS
In the assignment details, check the Sync to [SIS] checkbox. The [SIS] label may display the name of your institution's SIS.
The SIS option is not available for Not Graded assignment types.
Note: Depending on your institution's settings, this checkbox may already be selected. 
Save Assignment
Click the Save button.
Note: For new assignments, you can click the Save & Publish button.
View Assignment Errors
If you cannot save your assignment and you receive an error message, your institution may limit assignment names and/or require due dates. View issues that need to be resolved before the assignment can synced to your SIS. Correct the error and save the assignment again.
Manage SIS Sync on Index Pages
You can manage SIS sync settings from the Assignments and Quizzes index pages. 
To manage the SIS sync option for an assignment, click the Sync to SIS icon.
Quizzes and assignments set up to sync to SIS display a Sync to SIS enabled icon. Items that are not currently set up to sync to SIS display a Sync to SIS disabled icon.How do I manage my Canvas notification settings as a student
Open Notifications
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Notifications link.
View Account Notification Settings
On the Notification Settings page, you can manage how you recieve notifications for your Canvas account and/or manage how you receive notifications for individual courses. 
A banner describes the settings you are managing. Another banner indicates the times when daily and weekly notifications will be delivered. To dismiss a banner message, click the Close icon. 
By default, the Settings for drop-down menu displays the Account option. Account-level notification settings apply to all of your Canvas courses, however, any course-specific notification settings override account notification settings. 
You can view your current account-level settings.
View Notification Types and Methods
Account-level notification types are listed by category. There are notifications for course activities, discussions, conversations, groups, scheduling, and conferences. 
You can also view your contact methods such as email addresses and push notifications for mobile devices. 
Each notification has a default delivery frequency setting. To view the current notification delivery frequency for a notification type and contact method, hover over the notification icon. 
View Notification Details
To view details for a notification, hover the cursor over the notification name. View details such as the activities that trigger the notification.
To learn more about each notification, default settings, and notification triggers, view the Canvas Notifications resource document. 
Manage Email Notification Frequency
Each notification is set to a default setting. To change a notification for a contact method, locate the notification and click the icon for the contact method.
To receive a notification right away, select the Notify immediately option. These notifications may be delayed by up to one hour in case an instructor makes additional changes, which prevents you from being spammed by multiple notifications in a short amount of time. 
To receive a daily notification, select the Daily summary option. The date and time of your daily notifications are posted in a banner at the top of the Notification Settings page.
To receive a weekly notification, select the Weekly summary option. The date and time of your weekly notifications are posted in a banner at the top of the Notification Settings page.
If you do not want to receive a notification, select the Notifications off option.
Unsupported notification types display the Unsupported icon. You cannot manage unsupported notifications.
Notes: 
Each set notification setting automatically applies to all of your courses. However, if you manage notification settings for a single course, notifications for that course must continue to be managed in the course.
Although unregistered contact methods display in notification settings, they will not receive notifications until you confirm the registration.
View Privacy Notice
If you've set a notification setting for an email address that is outside your institution, you may see a privacy warning. You can close the warning by clicking the Ok button. Once the warning has been displayed, it will not display again. 
Set Push Notifications
If you have enabled push notifications in the Canvas Student mobile app on an Android device or on an iOS device, you can manage your settings in the Push Notification column. 
Push notifications can only be sent to your mobile device right away or not at all. Daily and weekly notification options are not supported. 
Some categories include limited availability for push notifications. For full details about supported notifications for push notifications, refer to the Canvas Notifications resource document.
Note: Managing notification settings inside the Canvas Student mobile app will override settings selected in the Notification Settings page of the browser version of Canvas. 
Set Slack Notifications
If your institution uses a third-party messaging application called Slack and has enabled Slack as a contact method, you can add Slack as a contact method and receive direct message notifications from Canvas in Slack.
Slack notifications may vary depending on your Slack notification settings. How do I view the Calendar iCal feed to subscribe to an external calendar as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
Click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the link, copy the text in the URL field. 
To download the feed as an ICS file, click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
To subscribe to an external calendar, paste the URL or import the ICS file.How do I filter conversations as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Filter by Course
You can filter your inbox by types of courses. Your Inbox may contain the following options: 
Current courses in your Favorites menu 
Other courses that you haven't favorited
Concluded courses 
Current or concluded groups
Note: You cannot send messages to users in concluded courses.
Filter by Inbox
You can also filter by Inbox type. By default, the Inbox displays all messages.
View Unread Messages
The Unread filter displays all unread conversations in your Inbox. Learn how to view and manage unread messages.
View Starred Messages
The Starred filter displays all starred messages in your Inbox. Starred messages are marked as important so you can locate them later. Learn how to star a message.
View Sent Messages
The Sent filter displays all your sent messages, both to individual users or multiple users. 
Note: The Sent filter only includes sent messages from the first user to send a message in a conversation thread. Replies from recipients of the original message will appear in their Inboxes, but not in their Sent filters.
View Archived Conversations
The Archived filter displays all archived conversations. Learn how to archive a conversation. 
Note: Sent messages cannot be archived. Additionally, archived messages do not include deleted messages, which are completely removed from the Inbox.
View Submission Comments
The Submission Comments filter displays all comments associated with course assignments and feedback. Learn how to reply to submission comments.
Filter by User
To filter by user, type the name of a user in the search field, or browse for the course, group, or user by selecting the Address Book icon.How do I view Assignments as an observer
Open Assignments from Course Card Dashboard
You can quickly access the course Assignments page from your Canvas dashboard. On the course card, click the Assignments icon.
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link. Then click the name of the course you want to view.
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
View Assignments
In Assignments, you can view all the course assignments.
By default, assignments are grouped by overdue assignments, upcoming assignments, undated assignments, and past assignments.
Overdue Assignments: assignments and discussions with past due dates but that are still available, have not been submitted, and have not been graded.
Upcoming Assignments: assignments, discussions, and quizzes that have an upcoming due date.
Undated Assignments: assignments, discussions, and quizzes that do not have a due date.
Past Assignments: assignments and discussions that are past the due date and either are not available, have been submitted, or have received a grade; quizzes that are past the due date.
Each assignment also includes an icon with the assignment type: assignment, discussion, or quiz.
Note: The Assignments page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Assignment Summary
Each assignment displays the assignment name, any availability dates for the assignment, due date (if any), and the number of points the assignment is worth.
View Availability Dates
The first dates you may see are called availability dates. Sometimes an instructor only wants students to submit an assignment during a specified date range, so the available dates are the range of time that the assignment is accessible to students. 
If the assignment does not have a date listed, the assignment is open; students can submit the assignment at any time during the course
If the assignment says Available until [date], students can submit the assignment until the specified date
If the assignment says Not Available Until [date], the assignment is locked until the specified date
If the assignment says Closed, the assignment cannot accept submissions
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm.
View Due Dates
An assignment may also display a second set of dates. These are assignment Due dates. Assignments submitted after the due date are marked as late; some instructors may deduct points for late submissions. Again, not all assignments may include a Due date. 
Students can still submit late assignments before the Available until date.
Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date. 
Due dates also include a time. If your student's instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
Filter Assignments
If your student's course includes Multiple Grading Periods, you can view assignments by grading period. You can search for an assignment by typing an assignment title or a keyword in the Search for assignment field. You can also group assignments by type.
Open Assignment
To view the details for an assignment, click the name of the assignment. 
View Open Assignment
You can view the due date, points, and accepted submission type(s) for the assignment. Not all assignments may have a due date. 
You can also view additional details:
Instructions: any instructions from the instructor about the assignment. Please note that you cannot download assignment instructions unless your instructor has included a link to download them. You can also print the screen or copy and paste the directions into a word processing program, or you can also view the assignment in the Canvas mobile app.
Rubric: any grading criteria that the instructor has provided for the assignment. An assignment may or may not include a rubric. Before submitting your assignment, you may want to review the assignment rubric.
For example, an assignment may have a due date but may not list any other dates. If your student misses an assignment due date, they may still submit the assignment for late credit before the last day of the course. If the assignment does not have a due date, you can submit the assignment at any time before the last day of the course.
View Assignment with Availability Dates
The assignment details may include availability dates. Availability dates may include a first available date (open date), last available date (locked or closed), or both dates to create an overall date range. If the assignment has a due date, it may be before or on the last available date (if one is set).
Once the last date passes, students can no longer submit the assignment.
View Assignment with Limited Attempts
The course instructor may limit the number of submission attempts students are allotted for an assignment. If an assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view the number of submission attempts your student has made and the number of submission allowed for the assignment.
View Locked Assignment
An assignment can be locked before an instructor wants it open. When an assignment is locked, you can view date when the assignment unlocks and the assignment the rubric (if any).
View Closed Assignment
Assignments close when they are only available until a specific date. When an assignment is closed, you can still view assignment submission details, the date the assignment was locked to submissions, and the rubric.How do I view the outcomes results report for an individual student in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
Open Outcomes Report
Locate the user details sidebar. Depending on the page display, click the Outcomes Report link or button.
View Report
View the report.How do I use Discussions Redesign as an instructor
          Enable Feature Preview
In order to use Discussions Redesign in your course, you first need to enable the feature preview from Course Settings. If the feature preview is not available, it has not been enabled by your institution.
Open Feature Options
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link. Then click the Feature Options tab.
Enable Discussions Redesign
Locate the Discussions/Announcements Redesign feature preview and click the State icon so it displays as enabled.
Learn more about managing features in your course.
Note: If the feature preview is not available, it has not been enabled by your institution. Contact your Canvas administrator for assistance.
Open Discussion
To view a discussion in the Discussions Redesign interface, click the Discussions link in Course Navigation. Then click the name of the discussion.
To create a new discussion, click the Add Discussion button.
View Discussion
A discussion displayed in the Discussions Redesign interface includes three sections: the discussion toolbar, discussion topic, and discussion replies.
View Discussion Toolbar
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies.
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the View Inline button.
To view the count of unread replies for each group discussion, click the Group List button. Click the group link to view the group replies.
View Anonymous Discussion Message
If the anonymous discussion option is enabled for the discussion, a message displays noting that student names and profile pictures are hidden, however your name and profile picture is visible to all course members. 
Note: If there are no discussion submissions, you can edit the anonymity details.
View Discussion Topic
The discussion topic section includes important information about the discussion, including the discussion title and description.
You can also view the discussion due date, the number of points possible, and number of replies.
Note: If the anonymous discussion option is enabled for the discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. However, as an instructor, your name and profile picture is visible to all course members.
View Discussion Multiple Due Dates
To view multiple due dates, click the Show Due Dates link. 
View the multiple due dates.
To close the due dates sidebar, click the Close icon.
View Discussion Options
The discussion topic section also includes several tools that allow you to manage your discussion.
To publish or unpublish the discussion, click the Publish icon. 
To subscribe to or unsubscribe from the discussion, click the Subscribe icon.
To open the discussion's Options menu, click the Options icon.
To mark all discussion replies as read, click the Mark All as Read link.
To edit discussion details, click the Edit link. 
To delete the discussion, click the Delete link.
To close the discussion for comments, click the Close for Comments link. 
To send the discussion to another instructor, click the Send To... link. 
To copy the discussion to another course, click the Copy To... link.
To open the discussion in SpeedGrader, click the Open in SpeedGrader link. 
To add a rubric to a graded discussion, click the Add Rubric link. If a rubric has already been added, this link displays as the Show Rubric link.
View Discussion Replies
Discussion replies display below the discussion topic. Learn how to reply to a discussion, view and sort discussion replies, and report discussion replies.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing discussion topics or replies, you enter and edit your content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor allows you to format text, link text to course or external content, insert media, and attach files. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor.How do I view course content offline as an ePub file as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Download Course Content
Click the Download Course Content button.
Generate ePub
View the courses available as ePub exports. To generate an ePub, locate the course and click the Generate ePub link.
Download ePub
Once the export has completed, download the ePub by clicking the Download ePub link. You can upload the ePub file into any eReader for viewing.
If the course includes files that aren't supported in the ePub, click the Download Associated Files link. Associated files download in a ZIP file and contain all unsupported files, such as media files and Microsoft Office documents. 
To regenerate the ePub file, click the Regnerate ePub link.How do I add an announcement in a course as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Add Announcement
Click the Add Announcement button.
Create Announcement
Type a title for the announcement in the topic title field and add content in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Select Sections
By default, Canvas will send your announcement to all sections within your course. To select specific sections for your announcement, click the Post to drop-down menu and select sections from the list provided. 
Note: If your course does not have sections, Canvas will still show the All Sections option, and all course users can view the announcement. 
Teachers and TA's are notified of all new course Announcements, unless they are Section restricted.
Add Attachment
To add an attachment to your discussion, click the Choose File button. 
If required by your institution, you will need to select usage right settings for your attachment. To manage usage right settings, click the Set usage rights icon.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of five usage rights. If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to your file, please consult your institutional admin for guidance:
I hold the copyright (original content created by you)
I have obtained permission to use the file (authorized permission by the author)
The material is in the public domain (explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright)
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws (excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education)
The material is licensed under Creative Commons; this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
To save your usage right settings, click the Save button. You can edit usage right settings by clicking the Set usage rights icon.
Select Options
In the Options section, you can select various options for your announcement. 
Additionally, you can allow users to comment on the announcement and require students to reply to a post before seeing other replies. 
You can also enable an announcement podcast feed and allow students to like announcement replies.
You can delay the posting of your announcement, which allows you to schedule the announcement for a future date.
Notes:
By default, comments are not allowed in announcements unless the Allow users to comment checkbox is selected.
The Allow users to comment option is persistent, meaning the option you select when creating or editing an announcement will carry over when you create a new announcement in the course. However, the Participants must respond to the topic before viewing other replies option is not persistent.
Comment options may not be available to you if announcement comments are disabled in your course. Check your Course Settings if you cannot view these checkboxes. 
Publish Announcement
Click the Publish button.
Note: Unless you are using the delay posting option in Announcements, once you click Publish, your announcement will immediately be posted in your course.
View Announcement
View the announcement in the Announcements Index Page.How do I share an item bank in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Share Item Bank
Locate the item bank you want to share, then click the Share icon.
Share With Users
Enter the name of the user you want to share the item bank with in the Share With field. Then click the name of the user. You can add multiple users in the Share With field.
To set access rights for the item bank, click the Access drop-down menu. You can share the item bank with view access, which only allows the user you share with to view the item bank, or edit access, which allows the user you share with to view and edit the item bank.
To share the item bank with the selected course, click the Add button.
Share with Courses
Enter the name of the course you want to share the item bank with in the Share With field. Then click the name of the course. You can add multiple courses in the Share With field.
To set access rights for the item bank, click the Access drop-down menu. You can share the item bank with view access, which only allows the course you share with to view the item bank, or edit access, which allows the course you share with to view and edit the item bank.
To share the item bank with the selected course, click the Add button.
Share with Accounts
If given the permission by your institution, you can share item banks with sub-accounts.
Enter the name of the course you want to share the item bank with in the Share With field. Then click the name of the sub-account. You can add multiple sub-accounts in the Share With field.
To set access rights for the item bank, click the Access drop-down menu. You can share the item bank with view access, which only allows the sub-account you share with to view the item bank, or edit access, which allows the sub-account you share with to view and edit the item bank.
To share the item bank with the selected sub-account, click the Add button.
View Currently Shared With
View the users, courses, and accounts who can view or manage the item bank.
To edit the item bank access, click the Access drop-down.
To remove a user's access from the item bank, click the Remove icon.
Notes:
You can remove any user from an item bank, including yourself.
If you accidentally remove a user or course from an item bank, you can share with them again.
Save Changes
To save your changes and return to your item banks, click the Close button.What is the Canvas Student app
View Courses and Groups
Students can access their courses and groups from the Dashboard. 
View Course or Group Navigation
Courses and groups include the same navigation items that can be viewed in the browser version of Canvas.
View Assignments
Students can view details on assignments, quizzes, and discussions and submit these items from the app.
Navigate App
Students can use the Navigation Bar to access their dashboard, calendar, To Do list, notifications, or Inbox.
Manage Account
Students can manage their Canvas account using the Student app. Students can manage their files, display course grades, get help from Canvas Support, change users, and log out of the app.How do I change the Course Home Page as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Choose Home Page
In the Home Page sidebar, click the Choose Home Page button.
Select Home Page Layout
Click the radio button next to the Home Page layout you prefer. 
Set Front Page
If you want to select a Pages Front Page but the link is grayed out, you must first set a Front Page. 
Note: Only Published pages can be set as the Front Page. Make sure the page you want to set as the Front Page is published. 
Save Home Page Layout
Click the Save button.How do I find my unread messages in the Inbox as an observer
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
View Unread Message
All unread messages have an indicator next to the message. Once a message has been read, the blue dot changes to a gray circle.
Mark as Unread
If you want to mark a conversation as unread, click the read indicator. The message will now show the unread indicator.
Mark Multiple Messages
You can mark multiple conversations as unread or read by pressing the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking multiple messages, or by selecting the message checkbox.
Locate and click the settings icon and choose the Mark all as unreadlink.
If you select multiple unread messages, you will see Mark all as read link.
Select Unread Conversations
To view only unread messages, open the the Inbox drop-down menu. Select the Unread link.How do I reply to a message in the Inbox as an observer
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Click the conversation you want to respond to. Click the Reply icon in the message header, or hover over the timestamp and click the Reply icon within the message. You can also click the Reply icon in the toolbar.
Reply to Message
Type your reply in the message field. You can attach a file or media. When you are ready, click the Send button.
View Sent Message
Your message appears in the preview text of the conversation and at the top of the individual thread.How do I create outcome groups for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Add Outcome Group
Click the New Group button.
Note: If the New Outcome button does not display, your institution may be using Improved Outcomes Management.
Create Outcome Group
Type a Learning Outcome group name in the Name this group field. Type a description in the Rich Content Editor. Click the Save button.
View Outcome Group
View the Outcome group. You can create new outcomes within the group by creating a new outcome. You can also move outcomes and outcome groups into the new group.How do I create a Google Drive collaboration as a student
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Start a new collaboration button. 
Authorize Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize button.
Select Type
In the Kind drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can create a Document, Spreadsheet, or Presentation.
Add Details
To create a name for the collaboration, click the Name header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the name. 
To create a description for the collaboration, click the Description header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the description. 
Add People
The collaboration defaults to the People tab. If you want to collaborate with individual people in your course, click the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. The user's name will move to the right side of the window.
Add as many users as necessary.
Notes: 
Your instructor can view and access all collaborations added in the course, even if you do not add your instructor to the collaboration directly.
Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration from groups.
Remove Collaborators
To remove a collaborator, click the Remove icon. To remove all users, click the Remove All link.
Add Groups
You can also create collaborations with groups. To select an entire group, click the Groups tab. Select the group(s) you want to add to the collaboration.
Notes: 
You can select individual users as well as a group in a collaboration.
Collaborators must have Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
Submit Collaboration
Click the Submit button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.How do I assign an assignment to an individual student as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Assign to Specific Student
To create an assignment that is assigned only to a specific student, click the Remove icon next to the Everyone label, then start to type the name of a student in the Assign to field. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable.
You can include more than one student in the To field as long as the students are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Assign to Student
By default, Canvas will assign your assignment for everyone in your course. To assign a different due date to an individual student, click the Add button. Type the name of the student in the Assign to field. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable.
Assign Everyone Else
When an individual student or students are added to an assignment, the Everyone assignment changes to Everyone Else. 
The Everyone Else assignment assigns the remaining course students to the corresponding due and availability dates. 
To include the remaining course students, leave the Everyone Else assignment. 
To remove the remaining course students from the assignment, click the Remove icon. 
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the assignment is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the assignment will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the assignment will no longer be available.
Notes: 
To allow a student access to an assignment past the assignment's initial Until date, you must set a different Until date for the individual student.
Beneath the Due Date and Availability Date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for an assignment, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add another student with a different due date and availability dates, click the Add button.
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
If you do not add course sections to the assignment, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add those sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add additional sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if everyone or all course sections are assigned to the assignment.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the assignment, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the assignment before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the assignment again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the assignment against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the assignment date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Assignment Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the assignment.
View Assignments Page
On the Assignments Index Page, the assignment shows there are multiple users and dates assigned to the assignment. Hover over the text to view date availability.How do I enable scoping for a developer API key in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Developer Keys
In Account Navigation, click the Developer Keys link.
Add Developer Key
Click the Add Developer Key button.
Add API Key
Click the Add API Key option.
Enforce Scopes
After you've completed the developer key information, click the Enforce Scopes button.
Allow Include Parameters
To permit usage of all "includes" parameters for this key, click the Allow Include Parameters checkbox.
"Includes" parameters may grant access to additional data that is not included in the Endpoints table.
Search Endpoints
To search for a specific endpoint, type the name of the endpoint in the Search Endpoints field.
To see all available endpoints, scroll through the Endpoints table.
Select Read Only Endpoints
To grant read-only (GET) access to the developer key, select the Read only checkbox. The table will automatically update and select all scopes that contain read-only endpoints.
Select Individual Endpoints
You can grant customized access to the developer API key. Click any scope name to view available endpoints. Select the desired endpoints by clicking the checkbox next to the endpoint name. The scope name line will update to show the summary of the collective selected endpoint access.
Save Key
Click the Save button.Canvas Assignments vs. Canvas Activities
Canvas Assignments vs. Canvas Activities
Canvas makes a clear distinction between activities that students do for a grade (Canvas Assignments) and activities that students do to absorb new information, practice a new-found skill, or interact with a group to begin solving a problem (Canvas Activities).
Students may be asked to engage in a number of Canvas Activities before they work on a Canvas Assignment, which will be evaluated by the instructor or their peers.
When a Canvas Assignment is created, a new column is added to the gradebook (the "Not Graded" type being the only exception to this rule). Instructors and students will find that Canvas Assignments are automatically included on the Calendar, Assignments, and Syllabus pages. Also, Canvas Assignments can be evaluated with Rubrics and they can be aligned to course Outcomes.
In contrast, when a new Canvas Activity is created, no new column is added to the gradebook. Students will find Activities linked on their respective pages (i.e. published Quizzes will show up on the Quizzes page), but they will NOT appear on the Assignments and Syllabus pages or the Calendar (the one exception being a Calendar event, which does show up on the Syllabus page and on the Calendar). 
At this time, Canvas Activities CANNOT be evaluated with Rubrics or aligned to course Outcomes.
Keep in mind the following when creating any kind of Canvas Assignment:
Instructors can set a due date for Canvas Assignments. Canvas Assignments without a due date will be categorized as "Other" in the Calendar and on the Syllabus page.
Instructors can place Canvas Assignments into Assignment Groups and choose to weight final grades. Canvas will then calculate the final grade based on the percentages assigned to each Assignment Group.
Points can be assigned to any Canvas Assignments except Non Graded Assignments. Non Graded Assignments will still appear on the Assignments and Syllabus pages but they will NOT appear in the Gradebook.
Instructors can set an "Available from" date that will determine when students have access to a Canvas Assignment.
Instructors can set an "Until" date that will determine when students can no longer submit an Assignment or take a Quiz.
Canvas files have quota limits set for each user area: user (personal) files, course files, and group files. For instructors, any attachments added to an assignment description count against the course quota. For students, Files uploaded using the Rich Content Editor count toward your user storage quota. However, files uploaded as an assignment submission do not count toward your user quota. . Any attachments added for group assignment submissions are uploaded directly into the group files.
Once a file has been uploaded as a submission, files cannot be deleted from the student's files. Additionally, file submissions cannot be deleted from the assignment. If a student needs to submit a new file, the student can re-submit the assignment.
Additional options for Assignments and Graded Discussions:
Assignments and Graded Discussions can be assigned to Instructor-created Groups and Self Sign-Up Groups for group work.
Assignments and Graded Discussions can be Peer Reviewed. Students use the same Rubrics and SpeedGrader™ interface that Instructors do to evaluate their peers' work.
Assignments, Graded Discussions, and Quizzes can be created with varied due dates.
Additional options for Assignments only:
Assignments can be created that have No Submission. These work well for in-class presentations, daily participation points, or other optional activities used for extra credit. 
Assignments can be created that have Online Submissions. Students can submit work in the form of file or image uploads, URLs, text entry, Google Docs, or audio or video recordings or uploads.
Assignments can also be delivered to the instructor On Paper. On Paper Assignments are usually evaluated by hand and grades are manually entered in the gradebook.
How do I include extra credit activities in the final grade?
Here are two ways of accounting for extra credit:
If you want to add an extra credit assignment to a specific Assignment Group, create a regular Assignment for zero points. When the submission comes in, add points manually in the gradebook.
Assignments with No Submission can also be used for extra credit. This works well for classroom duties, such as moderating a discussion or for in-class presentations. Enter points manually in the gradebook.
How can I turn a Collaboration, Conference, or Page into a Canvas Assignment?
If one or more students are collaborating in a Google Doc to complete a project, they will be able to submit that Google Doc as an online Assignment. Instructors will be able to view the history of a Google Doc to see who has contributed to the document.
If students are collaborating in Pages using the Rich Content Editor, they can submit the URL of their Page as an online Assignment. Instructors will be able to click on the Page history link to see who has contributed to the Page.How do I lock course objects in a blueprint course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
To include only blueprint courses in your search results, click the Show only blueprint courses option. 
Open Course Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: Objects can also be managed in the Files, Modules, Pages, and Quizzes pages.
View Icon Status
In any Index page, you can view the status of each object. White squares indicate the object is unlocked. Blue squares with a lock icon indicate the object is locked. 
By default, objects are unlocked. You can change the status of an object by toggling the lock and unlocked icons.
Lock Object
To lock an object, click the object’s unlocked icon. The hover text will confirm you want to lock the object. 
Unlock Object
To unlock an object, click the object’s lock icon. The hover text will confirm you want to unlock the object. 
View Status in Individual Object
Except within Files, blueprint status can be modified within individual objects.
Files can only be locked or unlocked in the Files Index Page.
Lock Object
To lock an unlocked object, click the Blueprint button. The button will change from gray to blue and indicate the object is locked.
Unlock Object
Individual objects show the attributes that have been locked.
To unlock a locked object, click the Locked button. The button will change from blue to gray and indicate the object is unlocked. The locked attributes banner will also be removed from the page. 
View Instructor Access
Instructors can view locked and unlocked icons in the Index page. However, they cannot manage the existing status of an object.
For locked objects, the individual page displays the locked attributes selected in Course Settings, if any. Instructors cannot modify locked objects, so any attributes that are locked cannot be edited.How do I edit or remove a course outcome group in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome Group
Click the name of the outcome group you want to modify.
Edit Outcome Group
To edit the outcome group, click the Options icon and click the Edit link.
Edit Group Details
For the outcome group, you can edit the name and description.
To save your changes, click the Save button.
Remove Outcome Group
To remove an outcome group, click the Options icon and click the Remove link.
Note: Removing an outcome group will also remove all outcomes in that group from your course.
Confirm Removal
To confirm you want to remove the group, click the Remove Group button.How do I use the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Gradebook
The Gradebook includes global sorting options and settings you can use to organize your gradebook, student data and assignment data. 
The Gradebook supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously. 
Change Gradebook View
You can switch between gradebook view options, if they are available. To select a different gradebook view, click the current gradebook view. Then, in the Change Gradebook view menu, select one of the following options:
Traditional Gradebook: Displays all students, assignments, and grades. This gradebook is the most common default and is also known as just Gradebook.
Learning Mastery Gradebook: Displays the Learning Mastery Gradebook, which assesses outcome standards being used in Canvas courses. This gradebook is a course-level feature option.
Individual Gradebook: Allows you to assess one student and one assignment at a time and is fully accessible for screen readers. Individual View currently does not support settings and options from the Gradebook. 
Gradebook History: Displays the Gradebook History page, which logs recent grade changes in the course according to student, grader, assignment, and date.
You can switch between gradebooks at any time.
Search Students
By default, the Gradebook shows all active students. To search for students by name or SIS ID, enter your search query in the Search Students field. The Gradebook automatically filters results as you type.
The Search Students field allows multiple student names to be filtered at the same time. 
The Search Students field also respects Concluded and Inactive Enrollment options. If the Concluded Enrollment or Inactive Enrollment options are selected as filters, no Concluded or Inactive enrollments display in the Gradebook.
Note: Student name search results displays secondary information if more than one student has the same name in the course. 
Search Assignments
By default, the Gradebook shows all assignments. To search for assignments, enter an assignment name in the Search Assignments field. The Gradebook automatically filters results as you type.
The Search Assignments field allows multiple assignment names to be filtered at the same time. 
Selecting an assignment displays the assignment in a column closest to the student name. If multiple assignments are selected, the assignment columns display in the reverse order they are selected.
View Gradebook Settings
The Gradebook Settings allow you to apply Late Policies, a Grade Posting Policy, a Final Grade Override, and View Options in your course gradebook.
View Late Policies
The Late Policies tab allows you to apply late policies in your course.
The Missing Submission policy allows you to automatically apply a grade for submissions labeled as Missing. A submission is labeled Missing when the due date has passed and the assignment has not been submitted.
The Late Submission policy allows you to automatically apply a defined penalty to submissions with a status of Late. A submission is labeled Late when it is submitted past the due date. Additionally, you can define a threshold under which a student will not be scored, regardless of how late the submission is when submitted. 
View Grade Posting Policy
The Grade Posting Policy tab allows you to change grade posting policies for your course.
To automatically post grades and make them visible to students as soon as they are entered, select the Automatically Post Grades option. The posting policy is set to Automatically Post Grades by default.
To hide grades by default and manually choose when to post grades and make them visible to students, select the Manually Post Grades option.
Note: Grades for anonymous or moderated assignments must be manually posted. Moderated assignments grades cannot be unhidden until final grades have been posted.
View Advanced Settings
The Advanced tab allows you to apply a Final Grade Override in your course. If enabled, you can enter an override grade for a student that is different from the grade automatically calculated by Canvas.
View Gradebook View Options
The View Options tab allows you to filter and sort the Gradebook according to several viewing options:
Arrange By: arrange columns by default, assignment name, due date, points, or module.
Show: show or hide the notes column, the unpublished assignments column, the split student names column, hide assignment group totals, and hide total and override columns.
View Ungraded as Zero: temporarily change the Gradebook view so that grades display as if all ungraded assignments were given a score of zero. This setting is a visual change only and does not affect grades for students or other users of the Gradebook.
Status Color: view and change the color for a grading status (late, missing, resubmitted, dropped, and excused).
Notes: 
If the View Ungraded as 0 and Split Student Names options do not display in your Gradebook, these options have not been enabled by your institution.
When the Final Grade Override feature option is enabled for the course, the text in the Show section displays Hide Total Column and Override Columns. If the Final Grade Override feature option is disabled, the text in the Show section displays Hide Total Column. 
To restrict students from viewing total scores, learn about hiding totals in student grade summaries. 
View Gradebook Filters
In the Apply Filters menu, you can create and manage filter presets or filter columns by type (assignment group, section, modules, student groups, and grading period, if applicable).
View Import and Export Options
To bulk manage student grades in the Gradebook, you can also import grades and export grades.
View Student Name Column
The Student Name column displays each student's name and may also include a student's secondary ID, if enabled. You can hover over the column header and view the Student Name menu, which allows the following options: 
Sort and display student data
Show inactive and concluded enrollments 
To view a student's Grades page, click the student's name.
View Test Student
If you have viewed a course as a test student, the Test Student displays at the end of the Gradebook and is automatically added to every section in your course. Test Student data does not factor into course analytics. 
If you want to remove the test student completely, you must remove the test student from your section enrollments in Course Settings.
View Assignment Column
Each column in the Gradebook represents a published assignment in the Assignments page. Each column displays the assignment title, total points, and each student's grade. 
To view the assignment, click the name of the assignment.
To manage an assignment, hover over the column header and click the Options icon. Then perform any of the following:
Sort assignments by grade or status (missing or late)
Open SpeedGrader
Message students who fit within specific assignment criteria
Curve grades 
Set default grade
Hide or post grades for the assignment
Enter grades as a specific value: points, percentage, or grading scheme (this option is only for grading convenience and does not affect the actual grade; not available for complete/incomplete assignment types)
Download submissions and re-upload submissions (supported in file uploads only)
Select a grade posting policy for an assignment
Icons and colors represent assignments and submission statuses within Canvas, including differentiated assignments, grading periods, and Mastery Paths.
Add Columns
Assignment columns are automatically added every time you create and publish assignments, graded discussions, and graded quizzes and surveys. A column is also automatically added for the Attendance tool. 
You can manually add a column as part of importing grades to the Gradebook. However, assignments imported in the CSV file are automatically published.
If you need to create a column in the Gradebook to use for manual grading, you can create a No Submission or On Paper assignment.
Enter Grades
When you are entering grades, the Gradebook displays crosshairs and highlighting across the row and column for improved orientation.
To enter grades, type the grade as supported by assignment type directly in the Gradebook cell.
You can also enter grades and change the submission status by clicking the Grade Detail Tray icon.
View Grade Detail Tray
The Grade Detail Tray allows you to enter or edit grades, change the status of a submission, and leave comments for the student.
View Assignment Groups and Total Column
The assignment groups shown in the Gradebook match the assignment groups created in the Assignments page. 
If your assignment groups are weighted, the weighted grade displays below the group title. Assignment group weights are reflected in the total grade. The assignment grade earned by the students is multiplied by the assignment group weight.
Grade totals from assignment groups are calculated in the Total column of the Gradebook. You can hover over the column header to view the Total column menu, which allows you to sort by grade and move the total column to the front of the Gradebook. Additionally, if your assignment groups are not weighted, you can view the totals as a point value instead of a percentage.How do I view weekly online activity analytics in a data table in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
View Data Status
If the course has been concluded, the analytics page includes a Concluded label.
View Data Table
Click the Chart Options icon and click the Data Table option. 
View Filter Tabs
The analytics page is dynamic based on filtered content. By default, all sections are displayed and cannot be removed.
Filtered data is displayed as a chart with a single row for each filter, including the date range, average number of page views, and the average number of participations. 
Compare Course Data
For analytical comparisons, you can compare table data by filtering a section or student.
View Student Table
Below the chart, you can also view the specific students that are part of each filter.
For each student, the table displays the following data:
Students: the list of students in the course sorted by last name. Click the student's name to view analytics for the student.
Page Views: the student's total number of page views in the course.
Participations: the student's total number of participations in the course.
View Additional Students
By default, the students table displays twenty students at a time. If your course includes additional students, you can view additional pages in the pagination bar.
Sort Student Data
By default, the table sorts by last name, first name. However, you can sort the student column in ascending or descending order by clicking the heading name. The sorted column is indicated by the sort arrow.
View Resources Tab
You can also view the amount of page views and participations for specific resources in the course. Click the Resources tab. 
On the Resources tab, you can view the resource name, the number of students who accessed the page, the number of views for the page, and the number of participations for the resource.
Message Students Who
To send a message to students who did or did not view or participate with a specific resource, click the Message icon.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV zip file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
The downloaded zip file includes CSV files for chart data, student table data, and resources table data.
CSV files may display a student's full name, sortable name, week start, filters, average and total page views, average and total participations, and the resource URL path.Viewing my student's assignment score
Open Assignments Index Page
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
The Assignments Index page shows the full list of graded items in the course including assignments, quizzes, and discussions.
To search for an assignment, enter the assignment name in the Search for Assignment field. 
Notes:
If the assignment does not exist, it may need to be restored. Contact Support via the Global Navigation Help link for assistance.
Look for duplicate assignments by the same or similar names, the duplicates may make it more difficult to view assignment grades in the Gradebook. Remove or unpublish duplicates as needed.
Check your assignment group names. If you have an assignment group with the same name as the assignment (e.g, you have Test #1 as an assignment, as well as Test #1 as a group), verify that the assignment is located in that assignment group, as it will result in an empty assignment group column in the gradebook if it does not. If needed, learn about moving assignments. 
Review Existing Assignment Configuration
If the assignment exists, check the assignment settings. Click the name of the assignment, then click the Edit button.
In the Display Grade As field, confirm that the assignment is set to an option besides Not Graded. If the Not Graded option is selected, the assignment and grades do not display in the gradebook.
In the Assign section, ensure that the assignment is assigned to Everyone or to all students in the course for whom this assignment should be graded. If you specified a course or section, any students not in the group or section are included in the assignment and their assignment grade will not display in the gradebook. This applies to any assignment, discussion, or quiz. 
Learn about creating custom due dates for a section or for individual students.
Review Gradebook Filters 
If you have enabled filters in your Gradebook, you may restrict your view of all assignments and grades in the gradebook.
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link. Then, click the View drop-down menu and confirm which filters you have enabled in Filters.
In particular, grade period filters (semesters, quarters, terms, etc.) affect the grades displayed in the gradebook. You may need to adjust assignment due dates to match grading period dates.How do I move and organize my files as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Move File via Move Button or Options Icon
Locate the file you want to move. Click the line item for the file.
To move the file via the toolbar, click the Move button. 
To move the file via file settings, click the Options icon, then click the Move link. 
Select the folder where you want to move the file and click the Move button.
Move File via Drag and Drop
You can also manage your files using a basic click-and-drag method. Click the file name and drag the file to the desired folder. Once you see the folder highlighted, release your mouse. The file has been moved. 
Note: Instructors can drag and drop files from their personal files into course files.
You can also move a file from the right pane to the left pane. 
Move Multiple Files
To select multiple files, press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking the line of each file you want to select.
To select all files, press the command + A keys (Mac) or the control + A keys (Windows).
To select a range of files click the first file you want to select, hold down the Shift key, and then click the last file you want to select. All files between the first and the last file will be selected.
Note: You can also use the same key command to deselect a file.How do I cross-list a section in a course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Course Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
Open Settings
In the courses list, click the child course's Settings icon. 
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Section
Click the title of the section you want to cross-list.
Cross-List Section
Click the Cross-List this Section button.
Search for Course
In the Search for Course field, enter the name of the course into which you are cross-listing. Or, in the Course ID field, enter the ID number for the course.
Cross-List this Section
Confirm you have selected the correct course. Click the Cross-List This Section button.
Confirm Cross-Listing
The cross-listed section now appears in the new course. The breadcrumbs show the new course code.
Re-Cross-List Section
Sections can only be in one course at a time. If you need to cross-list the section into a different course, click the Re-Cross-List this Section button. How do I submit a survey as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Survey
Click the Survey title to open the Survey.
Take Survey
Click the Take the Survey button.
Complete Survey
Answer the questions available. 
Submit Survey
Click the Submit Quiz button.How do I connect to Google Drive as a web service in Canvas as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Register Google Drive
In Web Services, click the Google Drive button.
Authorize Google Drive
Click the Authorize Google Drive Access button. You will be re-directed to Google to verify the authorization.
Choose Account
Click the account you want to authorize.
Allow Authorization
Canvas will ask permission to view and manage the files in your Google Drive account. Click the Allow button.
Note: You may be asked to log in to your Google account before viewing this page.
View Registered Services
View Google Drive as a registered service in your Canvas account. How do I automatically assign students to groups as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Confirm Groups
Confirm you have created all the groups for this group set. If you need more groups, you can create additional groups manually.
Randomly Assign Students
Click the Options menu, then click the Randomly Assign Students link.
Require Same Section for Groups
If you want to require group members to be in the same section, select the Require group members to be in the same section checkbox.
Click the Okay button.
View Groups
View the group assignments. You can move students between groups if necessary.How do I send a message to a course instructor in the Inbox as an observer
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
Click the Compose icon.
Select Course
In the Courses drop-down menu, select the course where you want to send your message. 
Add User
To add the teacher, you can search for the teacher in the To field or you can use the Address Book.
Search for User
To search for the teacher, type the teacher's name in the To field. Canvas will automatically populate matching names. If multiple names appear, use the arrow key to select the user's name. Then press the Enter key. The teacher's name will appear in the To field, highlighted in light blue.
If you accidentally select the wrong user, press the Delete key (on a MAC keyboard) or the Backspace key (on a PC keyboard) to remove the teacher.
You can also hover over a user's name and click the white x to remove the user from the list.
Use Address Book
To select a user from the address book, click the Address Book button. From the address book, locate the user's role and then select the user's name. Names are arranged by last name. 
To navigate back to the address book, click the Back option.
Send Message
In the subject line field, enter a subject line for your message.
If you are sending your message to multiple users, but you do not want each user to see who else was included in the message, click the Send an individual message to each recipient checkbox. If your message includes over 100 recipients (including you as the sender), this checkbox will be selected by default.
In the message field, type your message. All content is sent in plain text. Note that if you include a URL in your message, the URL will automatically become a clickable link after you send the message.
If you want to include an attachment or media file, click the Attachment or Media Files buttons.
When you are finished, click the Send button.What are the different states of a Canvas course
View Unpublished Course
Unpublished courses are courses in preparation; they are courses being authored by instructors, instructional designers, and administrators. While a course is unpublished, students cannot access or participate in the course. When the course material is deemed ready by the designer, instructor, or administrator, it may be published.
These courses appear in the Future Enrollments section of the Courses menu. Unless you or your Canvas admin restrict permission to view future courses, and students can access their future enrollments in their Courses list before the course start date.
If a course is never published, the course will remain in the students' Future Enrollments section. 
View Published Course
Published courses are instantly available to students who may be assigned via SIS integration, or manually by the instructor, administrator, or TA. When published, activity is dictated by the dates and status of course assignments and modules. Individual assignments, modules, or other course content can be individually locked (made unavailable to students) or assigned a date in the future, prior to which students will not be able to see or participate in said course component.
If courses are set within term dates, these courses appear in the My Courses section of the Courses menu. However, if courses have course participation dates and have different start dates, the courses appear in the Future Enrollments section until the course participation start date.
View Concluded Course
Concluded courses are courses that are completed according to the SIS information or term dates, or courses that have been manually marked complete by an instructor or administrator. In a concluded course, instructors and students can access course content but can no longer participate in the course and the course is archived in a read-only state. Students may be restricted from viewing concluded courses. You also may be able to manually conclude an individual course enrollment. 
Unless you or your Canvas admin restrict permission to view prior courses, these courses appear in the Past Courses section of the Courses menu. Managing group assignment settings
Hide Grades
Before you begin, you may want to set the assignment Grade Posting Policy to manually post grades for the group assignment. When grades are hidden, a notification will not be sent to students when grades are modified.
Enter Grades
Open the assignment in SpeedGrader and assign grades to each group.
Open Assignment
In SpeedGrader, click the assignment title to open the assignment details page. You can also access the assignment from the Assignments page.
Edit Assignment
To edit the assignment, click the Edit button.
Edit Group Assignment Settings
To enable the ability to assign grades to each student individually for a group assignment, click the Assign Grades to Each Student Individually checkbox.
Grade Individual Students
In the Gradebook, you can now assign an individual grade to each student without affecting the previously assigned group grade.
Post Grades
If you chose to manually post grades, you must post grades to make them visible to students. Click the Options icon for the assignment and select the Post grades option from the drop-down menu.How do I edit or delete discussion replies in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click a discussion title.
Edit Discussion Reply
Locate the reply you want to edit and click the Options icon. Then select the Edit option.
Save Edits
Edit the discussion reply in the Rich Content Editor. To post your edits, click the Save button.
Delete Reply
To delete your reply to a discussion topic, click the reply Options icon, then select the Delete option.
Confirm Delete
Click the OK button.
Verify Delete
If you delete a discussion reply with other course user replies attached, Canvas shows a Deleted by notification. The notification includes your name. This entry cannot be removed. 
Note: Course instructors can see that you deleted your replies in the discussion.
View Reply History
If students are allowed to edit their discussion posts, you can view the edit history of their post. 
To view the history, click the View History link.
In the Edit History window, you can view any version with the date and time stamp of the student's post. To expand all of the versions, click the Expand all button. 
To return to the discussion, click the Close button.
View Restricted Options
If your instructor has restricted the option to edit or delete your discussion replies, the options do not display in the Options menu.How do I manage confetti animations in Canvas as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
Manage Celebration Animations
In the Feature Settings section, use the Disable Celebration Animations icon to enable or disable this feature. 
Note: If the Disable Celebration Animations feature setting does not display, it has not been enabled by your institution. How do I record media using the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor. Several features in Canvas support the Rich Content Editor, including Announcements, Assignments, Discussions, Pages, and Quizzes.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Record Media from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. From the dropdown menu, select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Record Media from Menubar
Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Media options, and select the Record/Upload Media option. 
Open Media Recording Tool
Click the Record tab.
Select Mic and Webcam Options
The media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone and web cam. 
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select from the displayed options. 
To change your webcam settings, click the Webcam button. To disable video recording, select the No Video option. 
Record Media
Click the Start Recording button. 
Finish Media Recording
The media recorder displays the length of your current recording. 
To restart your recording, click the Start Over button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button. 
Preview Recorded Media
Preview your recorded media in the media recorder. 
To title your media, type in the Title field. 
To embed your media in the Rich Content Editor, click the Save button. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I view and manage a sub-account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Sub-Accounts
In Account Navigation, click the Sub-Accounts link.
View Sub-Account
Sub-accounts are listed in alphabetical order. To view a sub-account, click the sub-account name.
Collapse and Expand Sub-Account List
Many Canvas accounts contain multiple sub-accounts with nested sub-accounts. To more easily navigate within sub-accounts, you can collapse sub-account lists, hiding them from view. 
To collapse a list of sub-accounts, click the Up Arrow icon.
To expand a list of sub-accounts that have been collapsed, click the Down Arrow icon.
Add Sub-Account
To create a sub-account, click the Add button.
Manage Sub-Account
To edit the name of a sub-account, click the Edit icon. Edit the name of the sub-account by typing in the name field. To save your changes, press the Return key (on a Mac) or Enter key (on a PC) on your keyboard.
To delete a sub-account, click the Delete icon.
Note: Sub-accounts that contain courses cannot be deleted.
Confirm Sub-Account Deletion
When you delete a sub-account, a pop-up window will appear in your browser. Click the OK button.How do I upload custom JavaScript and CSS files to an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Themes
In Account Navigation, click the Themes link. 
Note: If sub-account themes have been enabled, each sub-account also includes a Themes link. To open the Theme Editor for a sub-account, click the Sub-Accounts link to locate and open the sub-account, then click the sub-account's Themes link.
Open Theme Template
If you do not yet have a Canvas theme for your account, use a template to create a new theme. You can choose from the Default Canvas template, a minimalist template, and a State U. template. If your Customer Success Manager has enabled the K12-specific feature setting, the K12 Theme also appears as a template.
To create a new theme, hover over a template and click the Open in Theme Editor button, or click the Add Theme button and select a template from the list.
Open Saved Theme
If you previously created and saved a theme, you can edit saved themes at any time. Saved themes display in the My Themes section. To open a saved theme, hover over the name of the theme and click the Open in Theme Editor button.
To create a new theme based on a saved theme, click the Add Theme button and select the name of the saved theme from the list. This option helps you avoid overwriting your previously saved theme.
Open Upload Tab
In the Theme Editor sidebar, click the Upload tab.
Upload Custom Files
To upload files for the Canvas desktop application, locate the CSS file/JavaScript file headings. To upload files for user content in Canvas mobile and third-party apps, locate the Mobile app CSS file/JavaScript file headings. 
Locate the file type you want to upload and click the Select button, then locate the file on your computer. 
Locate additional files for upload, if required.
Preview Theme
To preview your theme, click the Preview Your Changes button.
Canvas will generate the preview of the components based on your uploaded files.
Manage Files
To manage your files, click the Upload tab again.
To remove and upload a new file, click the Remove icon. You can make additional changes and upload your revised file.
To view the code for your file, click the View File link. As the file is stored directly in Canvas, use this link if you ever need to download the file. 
Save Theme
Once you are satisfied with your template changes, save your theme by clicking the Save Theme button. 
Create Theme Name
If you modified a theme from a template, the Theme Editor creates a copy of the theme. Templates cannot be edited directly. In the Theme Name field, enter a name for your theme. Click the Save Theme button.
Note: If you edited a previously saved theme, saving the theme overwrites the previous version of the theme and uses the same theme name.
Apply Theme
To apply your theme to your account, click the Apply theme button. 
To exit the theme and return to the Themes page, click the Exit button. You can open the theme and apply it to your account at any time. 
Note: If your account allows sub-accounts to customize their own themes, any applicable changes you made will also filter down to any associated sub-accounts. Canvas shows the status of your Theme Editor updates; when the process for each sub-account is complete, the sub-account disappears from the progress window. When all sub-accounts have been updated, the Theme Editor redirects back to the Themes page.How do I change the settings in my user account as an observer
Open Account Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
In the sidebar, click the Edit Settings button.
Change Settings
If enabled, edit the appropriate settings:
Full Name:used in the People page and for SIS imports.
Display Name:how other users see your name in Conferences and Conversations.
Sortable Name:default is your last name, first name; appears in sorted lists so admins can search for it.
Pronouns:display after your name in various areas throughout Canvas.
Language: can be set to your preferred language and is the language used in Canvas (does not apply if an instructor sets a specific language for a course).
Time Zone: can be set to your local time zone; this setting displays assignments in your local time.
Password: the combination of characters you choose to use to log in to your Canvas account.
Notes:
You may not be able to edit all of these settings. If you cannot edit your user settings, please contact your student's school to change this information.
If you cannot view pronouns in your User Settings, your student's school has not enabled this feature.
LTI tools, such as New Quizzes and Analytics, do not currently support displaying pronouns.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button. How do I know when my instructor has graded my assignment as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Assignment Grade
A dot next to the assignment indicates the assignment that has been graded. The indicator disappears when you navigate away or refresh the page.
The score column displays the score given to the assignment.
In the Grades page, you can also see if the assignment includes scoring details, comments, or rubrics.How do I view my student's grades in a concluded course as an observer
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Open Concluded Course
Under the Past Enrollments heading, click the name of your concluded course.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Grades
View your student's grade in the concluded course.How do I configure an external app for an account using an LTI 2 Registration URL as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Select Configuration Type
Click the Configuration Type drop-down menu and select By LTI 2 Registration URL.
Add Registration URL
In the Registration URL field, enter the URL for the app. 
Apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS).
Launch Registration Tool
Click the Launch Registration Tool button.
Note: You may have to confirm settings or provide additional information in the Registration Tool.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. 
To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
View App
View the external app.
To manage the app, click the Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage app placements, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.How do I move or copy a question from one question bank to another as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Manage Question Banks
Click the Settings icon and click the Manage Question Banks link.
Open Question Bank
Click the title of the Question Bank. 
Move/Copy Questions to Another Bank
Click the move/copy question to another bank link to move/copy the question to another question bank.
Select Question Bank
Click the title of the bank where you would like to copy/move the questions. Click the Keep a copy in this question bank as well checkbox if you only want to copy the question. Then click the Move/Copy Questions button to copy the question.
View Moved/Copied Question
View the moved/copied question in the new bank.
Note: Changes to questions won't automatically update quizzes that are already using those questions unless you remove the question and re-add it.How do I add a rubric to a graded discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link. 
Open Discussion
Click the name of the graded discussion
Add Rubric
Click the Options icon and select the Add Rubric option.
Add Rubric in Discussions Redesign
To add a rubric in Discussions Redesign, click the Options icon and select the Add Rubric link.
View Assignment Rubric Details
The Assignment Rubric Details window displays.
To add a rubric, click the Add Rubric button.
Find a Rubric
To find an existing rubric, click the Find a Rubric link. 
You can find rubrics that were created in previous graded discussions as well as rubrics created in other courses where you have an instructor role. 
Select Rubric
In the first column, select a course or account. In the second column, locate and click the name of a rubric. You can view the criteria and points in each rubric. To select a rubric for the graded discussion, scroll to the bottom of the rubric and click the Use This Rubric button.
Edit Rubric
To edit an unused rubric or to select rubric settings, click the Edit icon.
Note: When editing a rubric, you can remove associated outcome criteria. However, outcome criteria can only be edited from the Outcomes page. 
Create New Rubric
If you can't find an existing rubric to use for the graded discussion, you can create a new rubric for your graded discussion. New rubrics are saved in your course for future use. 
Select Rubric Settings
Once you have added a rubric, you can select several options for the rubric.
If you want to write free-form comments to students in SpeedGrader, select the I'll write free-form comments... checkbox. If this option is selected, no ratings are used to assess the student and criterion values are assigned manually.
If you want to remove points from the rubric, select the Remove points from rubric checkbox. If this option is selected, no points are associated with the rubric, but students can still be rated using the rubric criterion.
If you have the Learning Mastery Gradebook enabled but you don't want outcome results to be posted to the Learning Mastery Gradebook, select the Don't post Outcomes results to Learning Mastery Gradebook checkbox. If this option is selected, students will be able to see rubric and outcome results in the Grades and submission details pages but results will not be posted to the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
If you want to use the rubric for grading in SpeedGrader, select the Use this rubric for assignment grading checkbox. 
If you don't want students to see the score total for the rubric, select the Hide score total for assessment results checkbox. Students can still see the point values for each criterion, but the total score will not be shown at the bottom of the rubric. This option is only available if the rubric is not used for grading and only applies to students when they view rubrics from the Grades page.
Save Rubric
Click the Update Rubric button.
Note: If you created a new rubric, the assignment will show the Create Rubric button.
Adjust Scoring Points
If you select the option to use the rubric for grading, Canvas will compare the rubric score and Assignment points.
If the number of points in the rubric is different than the number of points in the Assignment, Canvas will generate a warning message notifying that the point values are not equal.
To update the number of points in the assignment, click the Change button. Otherwise, click the Leave different button.
View Rubric
View the rubric for the graded discussion. 
To edit the rubric, click the Edit icon. To replace the rubric with an existing rubric, click the Search icon. To delete the rubric from the graded discussion, click the Delete icon. 
To close the rubric and return to the graded discussion, click the Close icon.
Copy Rubric
If you try to edit a rubric that has been used in more than one assignment (assignment, graded discussion, or quiz), Canvas generates a warning message that the rubric can't be edited. This message means that the rubric can't be edited directly, but you can create a copy of the rubric. 
To create a copy of the rubric, click the OK button. Canvas will create a copied version of the rubric. The edited version will automatically replace the previous rubric in the graded discussion. If you use the rubric for grading, the rubric will update for all students in SpeedGrader. You may want to re-review student discussion replies that may have already been graded with the original rubric.
The copied rubric will also be saved in the course rubrics list for future use. How do I import content from Blackboard 6 or 7 or 8 or 9 into Canvas as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Blackboard 6/7/8/9 export .zip file option.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Find and click the Blackboard .zip file you want to import. Click the Open button.
Select Question Bank
In the Default Question bank drop-down menu, select the Question bank you want to use for your question bank from Blackboard.
Create Question Bank
If you do not have a question bank you want to use, you can create a new question bank. In the drop-down menu, select the Create new question bank option.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, click the All Content button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content button.
Note: If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import after you review the remaining page options. After you start importing the content, the import selection cannot be canceled. 
Overwrite Assessment Content
To overwrite the assessment content with matching IDs, click the Overwrite assessment content with match IDs checkbox. 
Some systems recycle their IDs for each new export. Therefore, if you export two separate question banks they will have the same IDs. To prevent losing assessment data Canvas treats the question banks as separate objects despite the IDs. Choosing this option will disable this safety feature and allow assessment data to overwrite existing data with the same IDs.
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox.
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I use the to-do list for all my courses in the List View Dashboard as a student
Open List View
To open Dashboard List View, click the Options icon and select the List View option.
Note: Depending on your institution's settings, your dashboard may default to List View.
View List View
The List View Dashboard defaults to the current date. 
To view previous and future dates, scroll up and down the page. 
To quickly return to the current day's To Dos, click the Today button. 
To quickly access prior items with new activity, click the New Activity button. 
View Item Details
When multiple courses include To Do items on a single date, courses are listed by Course Name and items are are listed by due time. 
Graded items display the point value for the graded item.
To Do items include icons that represent the item type: 
Peer Review
Calendar Event
Announcement
Assignment
Page
Discussion
Quiz
Open Item
To access a To Do item, click the item name. 
To view the home page for a course, click the name of the course.
Join Conference Event
If your instructor added a conferencing link to a calendar event, you can join the conference from the List View Dashboard. 
Conferences which have passed or have not began display a grey Join button. 
To join an active conference, click the green Join button. 
View Item Status and Activity
List View includes labels and icons to quickly communicate an item's status and activity. 
Items with new activity display an Unread indicator and include an activity label. New activity can include one or all of the following labels:
Graded: a submission is graded
Replies: an announcement or discussion has new replies
Feedback: a graded item has new instructor feedback via submission comments (does not display if feedback is only via DocViewer annotations)
Once a graded item is past the due date, the item displays a Missing indicator and a Missing label. 
Missing items submitted after the due date display a Late label.
If your instructor has reassigned an assignment to you, the item displays a Redo label. You must resubmit your assignment.
Mark Item as Complete
Graded items are automatically marked as completed once they are submitted. Non-graded items must be manually marked as completed. 
To manually mark an item as complete, click the checkbox for the item. When you manually mark an item, the item's status will update when you refresh the page. 
Completed To Do items remain in the To Do list for you to view at any time. To view information about completed To Do items, click the Show completed item link. The completed items display a completed checkbox. To view completed item information, click the item name. The next time you refresh the page, the completed items will once again be hidden within the completed link.
View Alerts Menu
To view a list of graded past-due items across all your courses, click the Alert Menu button. The Alert menu helps you see what opportunities are available to you to improve your course grades.
To view new alert items, click the New link. You can dismiss new alert items by clicking the Remove icon. Dismissing a new alert item does not affect its status or mark it as completed.
To view dismissed alert items, click the Dismissed link.
View Grades
To view your current course grades, click the Gradebook icon. The My Grades menu displays your current course grades. Click the course name link to view the Grades page for your course. 
Note: If one of your courses uses grading periods, the grade displayed is the grade for the current grading period.
View To Do Items
You can add your own To-Do items to the Dashboard. Items associated with a course display as part of the course items and arranged by due date. General to-do items always display below all courses. To-do items can be edited at any time by clicking the Edit icon.
To add a To-Do item, click the Add Item icon.
Note: You can also use the Calendar to add to-do items, which will also display in the List View Dashboard.
Change Dashboard
To change the Dashboard view at any time, click the Options menu.How do I view my favorite courses in the Card View Dashboard as an observer
View Course Cards
By default, active course cards are automatically added by Canvas and display up to 20 courses. 
Dashboard courses are ordered alphabetically by course name; nicknames and course codes do not apply to course ordering. 
Note: If you want to remove the default course card setting, you can customize the course list and manually select your favorite courses to display in the Dashboard. When you favorite at least one course, the Dashboard will only display favorited courses. Canvas will also continue to automatically favorite new published course enrollments.
View Student Dashboards
To filter your dashboard by student, click the Student drop-down menu, then click the student's name. The dashboard view displays based on your student's dashboard view.
View Card Details
Course cards display an overview of course information including the course name, course code, term, and the student(s) you are observing in the course.
Each card can include up to four tabs, which represent the four main Canvas features for student course activity: Assignments, Announcements, Discussions, and Files. These tabs mimic visibility and order in Course Navigation, so for instance, if an instructor hides the Announcements link, the Announcements tab will not display on the course card.
An unread icon on the Discussions or Announcements tab indicates that there is a new discussion or announcement in the course. The number in the icon indicates the number of new items.
Create Nickname
If one of your student's courses includes a long or confusing name, you can create a nickname for the course. Most courses are created using Student Information Systems (SIS) that generate course names based on terms, departments, and section numbers, and courses with similar names may be hard to distinguish.
Course nicknames appear in the Dashboard, Course Navigation Menu, course breadcrumbs, and notification emails.
A course nickname does not affect the course name at the account or course level; it only changes the name of the course for the individual user who created the nickname.
If you need to know the original name of the course, you can hover over the nickname and the original name will appear. Additionally, the course code is not affected and always displays on the course card for course reference.
Notes:
This feature does not currently apply to the global Grades page and Dashboard sidebar elements such as the Coming Up feed.
Course nicknames are limited to 59 characters.
Manage Nickname
To add a nickname, click the Options icon, then type the name in the nickname field. Click the Apply button.
To remove a nickname, open the card options and remove the nickname. The Nickname field will display the original name of the course.
Change Course Color
Course cards can help you organize courses by customizing the color, which is synced with the color shown for the course in the Calendar. 
To change the color, click the card's Options icon, then select a new color. The check mark indicates the selected color, and the hex color code displays in the text field. 
If you want to use a color not shown in the window, you can enter the color's hex code directly in in the text field. The hex field will display a warning icon if the hex code is not valid. Additionally, any variation of white is not accepted as a course color.
Click the Apply button.
Note: If you change the color for a course in the Calendar, the color also updates in the Dashboard.
Move Course Cards
You can also move a course card to another location in the Dashboard or remove a card from the Dashboard. Click the Options icon and select the Move tab. Depending on the placement of the existing card, you can move the card to the top of the Dashboard, ahead or behind a specific card, or to the bottom of the Dashboard.
Once a dashboard card has been reordered, new courses added to the Dashboard always display at the end of all existing courses.
To remove the course card from the Dashboard, click the Unfavorite option.
Note: The Unfavorite option only displays if you previously selected favorite courses.
Drag and Drop Course Cards
You can also manually drag and drop a course card to another location in the Dashboard. Click a course card and drag it to the desired location. 
View Color Overlay
Some courses may include an image for the course behind the course color. By default, course cards with an image include a color overlay. To remove the color overlay from all course cards that contain an image, click the Options icon and then deselect the Color Overlay option.
Remove Color Overlay
When the color overlay is removed, the course color will display as a circle behind the card's Options icon. How do I enable comments in my ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the title of the page you want to enable comments on.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Enable Comments
Click the Allow Comments on this Page checkbox. You can also make comments public by clicking the Make Comments Public checkbox.
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.
Add Comment
Below the content of the page, there is a place for comments. You can add a comment by typing in the text box and clicking the Add Comment button.
Note: Users must be logged in to the same Canvas account to make comments regardless of your ePortfolio visibility setting.
View Comment
You can view the comment at the bottom of the page. Delete a comment by clicking the Delete icon.
Note: Comments will only be visible to the ePortfolio owner. To allow others to view comments, you will need to make comments public. How do I set up the Lucid Education Suite in my course as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Open Lucid
When using Lucid for the first time, either to embed a Lucid document or access a Lucid submission assignment, you must verify information before Lucid can be used in your course.
To access Lucid from Rich Content Editor, click the Lucid icon.
Note:To view the Lucid icon, you may have to click the Optionsicon. If the icon still does not display, Lucid may not be enabled for your institution.
Verify Role and Age
When accessing Lucid for the first time in Canvas, you must verify information before you can use Lucid in your Canvas account.
Review your role and select if you are over 13 years of age. Then click the Next button.
Verify Age
If you select that you are under 13 years of age, a prompt displays to confirm your age. To confirm your age, enter your birth date in the Birth Date field. Then click the Next button. 
Contact Instructor
If you have confirmed that you are younger than 13, you cannot access Lucid without permission from your institution. For help accessing Lucid, reach out to your instructor.
Connect Lucid to Canvas
If you have confirmed you are over the age of 13 or have received permission to access the app from your institution, connect your Lucid account to your Canvas account by clicking the Connect button.
Log In to Lucid
If you have an existing Lucid account, click the Log in button to sign in. A new browser tab opens in which you can sign in to your account.
If you do not have a Lucid account, click the Sign up button and follow prompts to sign up for a free Lucid account.
Confirm Lucid Connection
After logging in to Lucid, your Lucid account name displays. To connect your Lucid account to your Canvas account, click the Connect to Lucid button. 
To switch to a different Lucid account, click the Switch account button. 
Note: To view this page after logging in to Lucid, you may need to refresh your Canvas browser tab.
Confirm Lucid Educational Plan
Your Lucid account is upgraded to a free educational plan. To acknowledge, click the Continue button.
Connect Canvas to Lucid
To complete the connection between your Canvas and Lucid accounts, click the Get Started button.
Grant Account Access
A new browser tab displays. After reviewing the request for access, click the Grant Access button.
View Lucid in Canvas
Once your Lucid and Canvas accounts have been connected, you can view existing Lucid documents and search existing documents.
To create a new Lucidchart document or new Lucidspark board, click the Add New button.
Learn more about Lucidchart and Lucidspark.How do I view Quizzes as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: If the Quizzes link is not available in Course Navigation, you can access course quizzes through the Modules page.
View Quizzes
Quizzes are identified by the quiz icon. 
In the Quiz Index Page, you can view the name of each quiz, the availability dates for the quiz, the due date for the quiz, the number of points the quiz is worth, and the number of questions in the quiz. 
Quizzes are ordered by due date. Some quizzes may not include a due date.
View Availability Dates
The first dates you may see are called availability dates. Sometimes your instructor only wants you to submit a quiz during a specified date range, so the available dates are the range of time that the quiz is accessible to you.
If the quiz does not have a date listed, the quiz is open; you can complete the quiz at any time during your course. 
If the quiz says Available until [date], you can complete the quiz until the specified date. 
If the quiz says Not Available Until [date], the quiz is locked until until the specified date.
If the quiz says Closed, the quiz cannot accept quiz submissions. 
If you start a quiz but do not submit it, Quizzes includes an autosubmit feature that will submit the quiz for you on the Available until quiz date. If a quiz does not include an Available until date, the quiz will autosubmit on the last day of the course. 
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm.
View Due Dates
The second set of dates are the Due dates for each respective quiz. Any quizzes submitted after the due date are marked as late; some instructors may deduct points for late submissions. Again, not all quizzes may include a Due date. 
You can still submit late quizzes before the quiz Available until date (otherwise the quiz will be autosubmitted for you). 
Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date. 
Due dates also include a time. If your instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
Filter Quizzes
You can search for a quiz by typing a quiz title or a keyword in the Search for Quiz field.
View Quiz Details
To view the details of a quiz, click the name of the quiz. 
View Open Quiz
When a quiz is open to you to take at any time, you can view the due date, points, and questions for the quiz. 
You can also view additional details:
Time Limit: the length of time you have to complete the quiz. If your quiz has a time limit, you must complete the entire quiz within that time in one sitting. If you navigate away from the quiz, the timer will keep running. You will also be kicked out of the quiz when the time limit has been reached.
Instructions: any instructions that your instructor has about the quiz.
In the example above, the quiz is due by September 15. However, if you were to miss the due date, you could still take the quiz for late credit before the last day of the course.
To take the quiz, click the Take the Quiz button.
Notes: 
If you start a quiz that has a due date, but do not finish the quiz by the due date (as indicated in your local time zone), Canvas will automatically submit the quiz on the due date. 
Quiz details do not show the due date in relation to the current time. For example, if a quiz has a due date of 11:59 pm and you begin the quiz at 11:30 pm, you will only have 30 minutes to complete the quiz before it is marked late. The same time restriction applies if you are taking a timed quiz. For example, if the Time Limit was set to 60 minutes but you begin the quiz at 11:30 pm, you still only have 30 minutes to complete the quiz before it is marked late. Canvas will notify you regarding any time restrictions when you begin the quiz.
View Quiz with Availability Dates
When a quiz is open to you during availability dates, you can view all available quiz information in addition to the specific dates the quiz is available to you. Availability dates may include a first available date (open date), last available date (locked or closed), or both dates to create an overall date range. The Due date may be before or on the last available date (if one is set).
In the example above, the quiz is available to you starting April 8 at 12 am and is due by April 9 at 11:59 pm. However, if you were to miss the due date, you could still take the quiz until April 10 at 11:59 pm for late credit. If you do not submit the quiz by the last available date of April 10 at 11:59 pm (as indicated in your local time zone), Canvas will automatically submit the quiz on the last available date. On April 11 at 12 am, the quiz will not be available to you.
View Locked Quiz
When a quiz is locked, you can view all details of the quiz. You can also view the date when you can take the quiz.
View Closed Quiz
When a quiz is closed, you can view all details of the quiz. You can also view the date the quiz was locked to submissions.
View Unavailable Quiz
In New Quizzes, when your enrollment has been concluded in a course, a message displays that the quiz is no longer available. How do I view my institution's Public Course Index as a student
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Browse More Courses
In the My Courses page sidebar, click the Browse More Courses link.
View All Courses
You can view all courses that have been included in the public course index, with the most recently created courses shown first.
You can view the name of the course and a description, if any.
Search Courses
You can search for courses in several different ways. In the Name field, you can type the name of a course. 
You can also search for courses by status. If you want to view only public courses, click the Public courses only checkbox. If you want to view only open enrollment courses, click the Open enrollment courses only checkbox. Open enrollment courses are courses that you can join at any time.
When you are finished selecting your search options, click the Search button.
View Course
To view a course, click the name of the course. If a course lets students self-enroll, you can join the course at any time by clicking the Join this Course button. However, you can view the course first and enroll in the course home page.How do I use the Canvas App Center in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Center
The App Center shows all apps available in your course. You can also filter by installed and not installed, or use the search field to locate a specific app. 
View App
To view a quick description of an app, hover over the app. To view all details, click the app. 
View App Details
On the details page, you can view a description of the app. When you are ready to install the app with the proper credentials, you can add the app as a tool for your course.
Note: The Canvas App Center does not always contain all the information about an app. You may want to visit the Edu App Center for complete information about the external app you want to configure.
View App Configurations
To view existing apps and configurations in your course, click the View App Configurations button.
View Account-Level Apps
You can view all configured apps in your course. 
Apps that have been configured by your Canvas admin at the account level display a Lock icon. You can view the placement of the app by clicking the Information icon. The placement shows the location(s) of the app, such as Course Navigation or the Rich Content Editor, so you know where it appears in your course.
Manage Course-Level Apps
To view configurations for a course-level external app, click the app's Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To view placements for the app, click the Placements link. To Delete the app, click the Delete link.
View App Placements
App Placements shows the places in Canvas where your app can be used.
Note: You may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.How do I configure an external app for an account using a URL as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to By URL.
Add App Details
Enter the name of the app in the Name field. Enter the consumer key in the Consumer Key field and the shared secret in the Shared Secret field. This key and shared secret will be provided by the vendor or (if using the Edu App Center) provided by the website. 
Note: There are some apps that do not require a consumer key or shared secret, so pay attention to the configuration directions.
Add Configuration URL
In the Configuration URL field, enter the URL for the app. Apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS). 
Submit App
Click the Submit button.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
Note: Verifications only take place in the same context for an existing external app (such as installing the same app multiple times in the root account).
View App
View the external app.
To manage the app, click the Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage app placements, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
To add an external app to the Rich Content Editor toolbar, click the Add to RCE toolbar toggle. This option is only available for external tools that support placement in the Rich Content Editor.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.How do I manage outcome mastery calculations in a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Open Calculation Methods
Click the Calculation tab.
Note: If the Calculation tab does not display in the Outcomes page, course-level outcome mastery calculations have not been enabled by your institution.
Select Calculation Method
To select a mastery calculation method, click the Mastery Calculation drop-down menu. You can select one of four calculation methods: Weighted Average, Decaying Average, n Number of Times, Most Recent Score, Highest Score, and Average.
If you are unable to edit the mastery calculation, you do not have permission to edit the mastery calculation in your course. For assistance managing your mastery calculation, contact your Canvas administrator.
Select Weighted Average
To average assessment item scores with a greater weight for the most recent assessment item, select the Weighted Average option.
The Weighted Average calculation splits the total percentage between the most recent assessment item and an average of all prior assessment items. For example, you can set the most recent submission to be weighted at 40% of the total and prior items to be weighted at 60% of the total.
Enter the percentage to use for the most recent result in the Parameter field. You can also increase or decrease the parameter by using the Arrow icons. The Parameter field accepts whole numbers between 1 and 99. By default, the parameter is set to 65%. The remaining amount is used to weigh prior scores.
In the Example section, the calculation updates based on your select parameter. The average is rounded to the next two decimals. If there is only one result, the single score will be displayed.
Select Decaying Average
To average assessment item scores with a greater weight for the most recent assessment item, select theDecaying Averageoption.
TheDecaying Averagecalculation uses a formula to determine proficiency based on students' average scores, giving more weight to the most recent scored. To determine the weight given to the most recent score, the formula uses a decay rate. The higher the formula's decay rate, the more heavily the most recent assessment is weighted.
By default, the decay weight is set to 65% in theParameterfield. However, you can adjust the rate to any percentage between 50% and 99% using theArrowicons. Between two assessments, the most recent assessment gets 65% weight and the first gets 35%. For each additional assessment, the sum of the previous score calculations decay by an additional 35%.
For example, a student has scores of 1, 2, 3, 4 (scores listed chronologically from oldest to most recent):
(1 × .35) + (2 × .65) = X
(X × .35) + (3 × .65) = Y
(Y × .35) + (4 × .65) = Z(this being the current standard score; 3.48)
Select n Number of Times
To set a number of times that a student must meet or exceed mastery on a set amount of aligned items, select the n Number of Times option.
Enter the number of times mastery must be achieved in the Parameter field. You can also increase or decrease the parameter by using the Arrow icons. The Parameter field accepts numbers between 1 and 5.
Any scores that do not meet mastery are not used in the calculation.
Select Most Recent Score
To select the score for the recently graded item, select the Most Recent Score option.
You can view an example of the Most Recent Score calculation in the Example section.
Select Highest Score
To select the highest score from all assessment items, select the Highest Score option.
You can view an example of the Highest Score calculation in the Example section.
Select Average
To select the average score from all assessment items, select the Average option.
You can view an example of the Average calculation in the Example section.
Save Calculation Method
To save your calculation method, click the Save Mastery Calculation button.
Confirm Calculation Changes
To confirm your changes to the mastery calculation, click the Save button.How do I attach a media comment to a message as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
To start a new message, click the Compose icon.
Open Media
To attach a media comment or file, click the Media icon.
Record Media Comment
A pop-up window will appear in your browser. If you see a message from instructure.com requesting access, click the Allow button.
Click the Record tab. Select your preferred media method: record with microphone or record with webcam. When you're ready to record, click the Start Recording button.
Create Recording
The timer with the dot indicates you are recording your media comment, as well as the length of the comment. Once you are finished recording, click the Finish button.
Save Recording
Before you attach the media comment, you have the chance to review it. 
In the file name field, enter a name for your media comment.
If you want to re-record the recording, click the Start Over button.If you are happy with the result, click the Save Media button.
Upload Media Comment 
If you have a previously recorded media file, you can upload it as part of your message. Click the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop a media file to media uploader to upload a file from your computer.
Upload Media File
Locate the media file on your computer. Click the Open button.
Send Message
Your media comment displays in your message. If you want to remove the comment, click the Remove icon to remove it from the message. When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Media Comment
The media comment displays below the message. How do I view the blueprint sync information for a course associated with a blueprint course as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Blueprint Information
In the sidebar, click the Blueprint Information link.
View Sync Information
The Blueprint Information page shows information from the last blueprint sync. The page displays the name and course ID of the blueprint course and the name and course ID of your associated course. 
You can also view the date and time of the sync and the number of changes.
If a message was included as part of the notification, the message is displayed above the list of synced changes.
For a course association made by an admin, sync information will also show the date and time the sync was made, but no details will be included related to the sync.
View Sync Details
The Blueprint Information page shows the specific content that has been synced. Each content object shows the synced status of the object (locked or unlocked) and the name of the object, the object type, the change applied, and whether or not the sync was applied.
Content changes can be created, updated, or deleted. Updated changes indicate any change to existing content.
Close Blueprint Information
When you are finished with the Blueprint Information page, click the Done button.How do I view the enrollments for a user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
View Enrollments
Enrollments are located in the Enrollments section. Enrollments are separated into courses and groups. 
If a user has been added to an account, the Enrollments section will also display a list of accounts where the user resides.
View Course Details
The Courses section shows all courses where the user is enrolled.
Each course includes the course name, the term where the course resides, the user's enrollment status, and the user's role.
To access the course, click the name of the course.
View Group Details
The Groups section shows all groups where the user is enrolled.
Each group includes the group name and the name of the course or account where the group resides.
To access the group, click the name of the group.
Note: To unenroll a user from a group, you must open the account or course and manage the user's enrollment.
View Account Details
The Accounts section shows all accounts where the user is enrolled as an account admin.
To access the account, click the name of the account.
Unenroll User
To unenroll a user from a course, group, or account, locate the appropriate section in the enrollments list. Next to the course, group, or account where you want to unenroll the user, click the Delete icon then click the OK button. The user will no longer have access to the course, group, or account.How do I configure an external app for a course using XML as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to Paste XML.
Add App Details
Enter the name of the app in the Name field. Enter the consumer key in the Consumer Key field and the shared secret in the Shared Secret field. This key and shared secret will be provided by the vendor or (if using the Edu App Center) provided by the website. 
Note: There are some apps that do not require a consumer key or shared secret, so pay attention to the configuration directions.
Enter Configuration XML
Copy the XML code in the paste XML here field. Click the Submit button to link the app.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
View App
View the linked app. To manage the app, click the Settings icon. 
To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage where the app displays in Canvas, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.How do I allow students to attach files to a course discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Settings
Click the Settings icon.
Edit Discussion Settings
Check the Attach files to discussions checkbox. To save discussion settings, click the Save Settings button.
Note: Disabling this option will restrict students from attaching files in discussion topics, discussion replies, and discussions within course groups. This option does not affect your students' ability to add a file using the Rich Content Editor.How do I create an item bank in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Notes: 
You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
You can also access Item Banks from the New Quizzes Build page.
Add Item Bank
Click the Add Bank button.
Name Item Bank
In the Bank Name field, enter the name of the item bank. You can share the new item bank to the current course by clicking the Share checkbox. To save your bank, click the Create Bank button.
View Item Bank
View your new item bank. 
To duplicate the item bank, click the Duplicate icon. To share the item bank, click the Share icon. To edit the item bank, click the Edit icon. To delete the item bank, click the Delete icon.How do I escalate a case to Canvas Support in the Field Admin Console as an admin
Open Case
Click the Cases tab. Then click the case number link for the case you want to escalate.
Open Escalate Tab
Click the Escalate tab.
Escalate Case
Click the Escalate button.
Select Queue
In the Do you want to escalate this case to the L1 or L2 Queue drop-down menu, select the L1 or L2 queue.
Then click the Next button.How do I duplicate a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Duplicate Module
Locate the module you want to duplicate and click the Options icon. Click the Duplicate link.
Note:If a module cannot be duplicated, the Duplicate link will not appear in the Options menu.
View Duplicate
View the duplicate module in the Modules Index Page.
Note: If applicable to your course, the Modules page displays any Blueprint Course or Sync to SIS icons after the page is refreshed.How do I enable personal pronouns in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Enable Personal Pronouns
Personal pronouns are disabled by default. To enable personal pronouns, click the Enable Personal Pronouns checkbox.
Allow Users to Change Pronouns
To allow users to change their pronouns, click the Allow users to change their pronouns in Canvas checkbox.
View Pronoun Options
By default, users in your account will be given three pronoun options: She/Her, He/Him, and They/Them. To edit a pronoun option, remove the pronoun option and add the modified version.
To remove a pronoun option, click the Remove icon.
Add Pronoun Option
To add a new pronoun option, type the new pronoun option in the Available Pronouns field. Press the Return or Enter key on your keyboard to add the new pronoun option.
Note: The Available Pronouns field accepts a maximum of 50 characters for a new pronoun option.
Update Settings
To save your personal pronoun options, click the Update Settings button.
User View
When pronouns are enabled and users are allowed to change their pronouns, users can select their personal pronoun option in their User Settings. Only pronouns enabled in Account Settings can be selected; users cannot manually add their own pronouns.
Their personal pronouns will display after their name in areas throughout Canvas.How do I add course content as module items as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Add Module Item
To add an item, click the Add Item icon, or drag and drop to add files to an empty module.
Add Item to Module
Click the Add drop-down menu and select one of the following item types:
Assignment
Quiz
File (document and media file types)
Page
Discussion
Notes: 
Canvas will accept most media files as uploads. However, not all media files can be played within Canvas.
When adding content using the add drop-down menu it loads the first 200 assignments, 400 quizzes, 200 discussions, and 100 external tools.
Add New Item
If you want to add a new item, click the [New] link and type a name in the name field.
Depending on the item type, when adding new content you may be asked to complete additional fields.
Upload File
If you are adding a file to a module, you can upload a new file by clicking the Create File(s) link. Uploaded files are automatically published and also display in Course Files.
To select a file from your computer, click the Choose File(s) button. If enabled by your institution, you may be able to select multiple files.
To select a destination folder for your uploaded file, select an option in the Folder drop-down menu.
If an uploaded file is a duplicate of an existing file, Canvas displays a prompt asking if the file should be overwritten, renamed, or skipped.
Add Existing Item
If you have already created the item you want to add, click the name of the item. To select more than one item press Shift and select the first and last item in the list you would like to add.
Indent Item
Choose the Indentation drop-down menu to indent the item inside of the module.
Add Item
Click the Add Item button.
View Module Item
View the selected module item.How do I delete a conversation as an observer
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Select Multiple Conversations
To select multiple messages to delete, click the message checkbox or press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select. You can also click the checkbox or use the same keyboard command to deselect a message.
Delete Conversation
Click the Delete icon.
Note: You can only delete your copy of the conversation. You cannot delete the conversation for all recipients.
Confirm Deletion
Select the OK button. All messages from that conversation will be deleted. 
Note: New messages sent to you by any participant in a deleted conversation will still appear in your Inbox. How do I download the contents of my ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Download ePortfolio
To download your ePortfolio, click the Download the contents of this ePortfolio as a zip file link.
View Download Process
You can monitor the download through the progress bar. It will download as a .zip file to your browser's set download location.How do I use the Calendar as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
The Calendar spans all courses and displays information for each of your enrolled courses and groups. In the navigation bar, you can choose to view the calendar in Week, Month, or Agenda view. The view you choose dictates the style of the calendar window. By default, the calendar appears in Month view.
The sidebar shows a quick-view calendar, your list of courses and groups, and undated items for your courses and groups. 
Add Calendar Items
Each calendar view shows any assignments or events that have been added to the calendar. You can add events, including recurring events, and to-do items to your personal calendar at any time in the navigation bar by clicking the Add button.
View Calendar List
Each personal, course, and group calendar is identified by a separate color that populates the calendar view. Associated calendar items for each course or group display when selected in the calendar view. 
By default, the first 10 course and group calendars will be selected and appear in the calendar view. To hide a calendar, click the box next to the name of the calendar. Calendars that are not active within the calendar view display as faded text. 
Note: Canvas will assign an arbitrary color for each calendar unless a custom color is chosen. Each calendar contains 15 default colors, but you can insert a Hex code to create any color of your choice. Colors set in Dashboard course cards also update in the calendar. 
View Undated Events List
Expanding the Undated items link will show you a list of events and assignments that are not dated. The assignments and events will be differentiated by icons and by the personal, course, or group calendar color.
View Calendar by Month
In the Month view, click the arrow buttons to move from month to month. To view events for the current date, click the Today button.
To view a specific date, click the month link and enter a date in the date field or select a date from the calendar.
View Assignments and Events
Assignments are shown with an icon next to the assignment title. The icon reflects the assignment type: Discussion, Assignment, Quiz, or Events. Non-graded items with a to-do date may display in the calendar for a course.
Each item on the calendar is color-coded to match the courses or calendars in the sidebar.
To view full details for an assignment or event, hover over the item. 
Calendar assignments can also be crossed out, which is a simple way to keep track of assignments. Assignments are crossed out once the assignment has been submitted. However, assignments that have been awarded a grade but do not contain an actual submission will not be crossed out.
View All-Day Events
All-day events display the Events icon and do not include a specific event time.
If you want to extend an all-day event across multiple days, hover over the edge of the event until you see a black arrow. Drag your event across all required dates in the current month.
View Calendar by Week
To view the calendar by week, click the Week button. The Week view shows all calendar items by date and time. Note that some assignments may be due at 11:59 pm, which appear at the bottom of the calendar view.
View All-Day Events
All-day events appear at the top of the calendar week. These events do not include a specific event time.
Like in the Month view, if you want to extend an all-day event across multiple days, hover over the edge of the event until you see a black arrow. Drag your event across all required dates. In Week view, you can only drag your event to the end of the week that you are viewing.
View Calendar Agenda
To view all your calendar items in an agenda format, click the Agenda button.
Find Appointments
If your institution has enabled Scheduler appointment groups, you can sign up for an appointment in the Calendar sidebar.How do I subscribe to the Calendar feed using Outlook
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
Click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the calendar feed link, copy the text in the URL field.
To download the feed as an ICS file, click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
Open Outlook.com Calendar
Open Outlook.com. In the sidebar, click the Calendar icon.
Add Calendar
In the sidebar, click the Add calendar link.
Subscribe to Calendar from Web
To subscribe to a calendar from the web, click the Subscribe from web link.
To import a downloaded ICS file, click the Upload from file link.
Paste Calendar Feed Link
Paste the calendar feed link from Canvas in the calendar url field.
Import Calendar
Customize your calendar subscription with a calendar name, calendar color, and calendar charm (icon). Select an option from the Add to drop-down menu. 
To import the calendar, click the Import button.How do I take roll call using the Attendance tool as an instructor
Open Attendance
In Course Navigation, click the Attendance link.
View Attendance
By default, Roll Call displays the List View tab, which shows all students in a list format. To view the class in the seating chart format, click the Class View tab.
If your course includes sections, both views show a drop-down menu with the names of course section(s). To view students in a specific section, click the section drop-down menu. Note that this menu displays even if your course only contains one section.
Note: When a student is enrolled in multiple sections, any attendance that has been marked in one section does not display in all other section filters where the student is enrolled.
View Attendance Dates
By default, Roll Call will display the current date. 
You can edit attendance records for a different date by using the arrow icons next to the date or by clicking the Calendar icon.
Take Attendance in List View
In the List View, you can take attendance by toggling the correct mark next to each student's name. Click the attendance mark until you arrive at the desired mark:
To mark the student as present and on time, click one time (green check mark icon).
To mark the student as not present, click two times (red X icon).
To mark the student as late, click three times (orange clock icon).
To unmark the attendance status, leave the button as the default (gray no symbol icon). The unmarked attendance status also indicates an excused absence.
You can also take attendance by clicking the Mark All Present button.
If you need to start over or clear all attendance entries, click the Unmark All button.
Take Attendance in Class View
In Class View, you can also toggle the correct mark next to each student's name (present, absent, orlate), or click the Mark All Present button. To unmark all student entries, click the Unmark All button.
Add Badges to Roll Call
If you want to use roll call badges as part of the entry, view more options for the student and add the selected badge. How do I create a recurring event in a calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Make sure the checkbox of the course in which you're making an event is selected.
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
You can enter a location.
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the course calendar.
Add Event Frequency
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can select from multiple recurring options, including no repeat, daily, weekly, monthly, annually, every weekday, or a custom frequency.
Notes: Each frequency selection has an occurrence default:
daily = 365 (days in a year)
weekly = 52 (weeks in a year)
monthly = 12 (months in a year)
annually = 5 (The event will occur for five years)
every weekday = 52 * 5 (weeks in a year * weekdays)
Additionally, users can have a maximum of 400 occurrences.
Add Event Custom Frequency
To create a custom recurring event, select how often the event repeats, which day(s) it repeats on, and when it ends. Click the Done button.
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links and add an address location.
If you only want to create the event as a placeholder and add details later, click the Submit button. You can edit your event at any time.
View Events
View the events in your course calendar. How do I configure an external app for a course using a URL as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to By URL.
Add App Details
Enter the name of the app in the Name field. Enter the consumer key in the Consumer Key field and the shared secret in the Shared Secret field. This key and shared secret will be provided by the vendor or (if using the Edu App Center) provided by the website. 
Note: There are some apps that do not require a consumer key or shared secret, so pay attention to the configuration directions.
Add Configuration URL
In the Configuration URL field, enter the URL for the app. Apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS). 
Click the Submit button.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
View App
View the linked app. To manage the app, click the Settings icon. 
To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage where the app displays in Canvas, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.How do I view my Roll Call Attendance report as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the Roll Call Attendance assignment.
Authorize Account
The first time you view the Roll Call Attendance assignment, you must authorize your account. Click the Authorize button.
View Submission Details
The submission details shows the first date that your instructor took attendance in your course. You can also view an overview of your attendance record through a graph, with the graph key displayed to the right. Attendance is identified by color, where green shows the days you were on time and present, yellow shows the days you were late, and red shows the days you were absent.
You can also view the total percentage of days you have been marked as on time in your class.
View Late and Absent Dates 
Below the overview information, you can also view the specific days that you were marked late or absent. For each attendance record, you can view the date, day of the week, status, and percentage points earned.How do I connect to web services outside of Canvas as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Link Services to Profile
When you register other web services with Canvas, you can integrate your account with services you already use. Each of these services also generates a contact method for other people in your course or group. 
If Profiles is enabled for your account, and you want to show any of your registered web services on your profile page, click the Let fellow course/group members... checkbox. You can select specific services to display by editing your profile.
Note: If you do not have a profile page, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Connect to Web Services
You may be able to integrate Canvas with the following web services: 
Google Drive
SkypeHow do I delete an announcement in a course as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Delete Individual Announcement
To delete an announcement from the index page, locate the announcement. Click the Options icon and click the Delete link.
Delete Multiple Announcements
To delete multiple announcements at a time, click the checkboxes next to the announcements you want to delete, then click the Delete button.
Delete Open Announcement
To delete an open announcement, click the title of the announcement to open it.
Delete Announcement
Click the Options icon, then click the Delete link.
Delete in Announcements Redesign
To delete an open announcement in Announcements Redesign, click the Options icon. Then click the Delete option.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.
Confirm Deletion in Announcements Redesign
To confirm in Announcements Redesign, click the Delete button.How do I curve grades in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Gradebook
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Menu
Hover over the assignment column header and click the Options icon.
Curve Grades
Click the Curve Grades link.
Set Curve Score
In the Average Score field, type the average grade for the curve score. The graph above the Average Score field will change depending on what score is entered and give you an approximation of what the new scores would look like. You can adjust the average score as necessary to produce a desired grading outcome. 
You can assign zeros to students who did not submit their assignments by clicking the Assign zeroes to unsubmitted students checkbox. To curve grades, click the Curve Grades button. 
Note:
Grade curving cannot be undone. Pre-curved grade histories will be available, but the curving action is irreversible. 
Student grades will be impacted differently based on where they are in the distribution of scores.
View Updated Scores
Canvas displays how many scores were updated. Click the OK button. 
View Curved Grades
View the new grades for the assignment.How do I sign up for a Scheduler appointment in the Calendar as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Find Appointment
In the Calendar sidebar, click the Find Appointment button.
Notes: 
The Scheduler tool is an optional feature that must be enabled by your student's institution. If you do not see the Find Appointment button, your institution has not enabled this feature.
When an instructor or TA creates an appointment group for an entire course, all course section users can view the appointment group. However, if an appointment group is made for a specific section or is added by a section-restricted instructor or TA, only users in that section can view the appointment group.
Select Course
If a course includes an appointment, the name of the course displays in the Course drop-down menu. Select the course where you want to look for an appointment, then click the Submit button.
View Appointments
View the appointments available for the course. Faded time slots indicate the time slot has been reserved.
Reserve Appointment
In the calendar, click the time slot you want to reserve. In the appointment window, you can view the appointment time, calendar, and details. If you want to leave any comments for your student's instructor, you can type them in the Comments field.
To sign up for the time slot, click the Reserve link.
View Updated Appointments
Once you have reserved a time slot, the time slot fades in the calendar.
If you want to choose another time slot instead, click the new time slot and repeat the reservation process.
Confirm New Appointment
If you choose another time slot, the Calendar confirms you already have a reserved appointment. If you want to reschedule with the new appointment time, click the Reschedule button. However, if you want to keep your original appointment, click the Do Nothing button.
Close Appointments
When you are finished with course reservations, click the Close button.
View Calendar
View the appointment added to your course calendar.
Change Appointment
View the appointment added to your course calendar.
Unreserve Appointment
To completely cancel your appointment, click the appointment time and click the Un-reserve link. 
Delete Reservation
Click the Delete button.How do I view a course as a test student using Student View as an instructor
Open Student View
You can access Student View from most areas of the course including: Home, Modules, Assignments, Announcements, Discussions, Quizzes, Pages, Syllabus, and Outcomes. 
To view the page as a test student, click the View as Student button.
View Course
You can now view the course as a student user would see it. For example, students cannot see the Settings navigation link like instructors can.
You will know if you are in Student View because of the persistent box on the bottom of the screen indicating you are logged into Student View.
Reset Student
You can also reset the Test Student by clicking Reset Student. This action will clear all activity that does not include any student interaction.
For example, if you created an assignment and submitted it as the Test Student but then forgot to add a certain submission type, you can click the Reset Student button and submit the assignment again as the Test Student. 
Leave Student View
To return to your course in the instructor view, click the Leave Student View button.How do I edit user roles in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Edit Role
Click the user's Options icon, then select the Edit Role link.
Edit Course Role
Click the Role drop-down menu, then select the new role for the user. 
Note: Depending on your user permissions, you may not be able to select from all user roles in your course.
Edit Multiple Roles
If a user has multiple roles in the course, selecting a new role overwrites all the user's current enrollments. 
Update Role
Click the Update button.How do I use the menubar in the Rich Content Editor as a student
00:00:How do I use the menubar in the Rich Content Editor as a student?
00:05:The menubar will display above the Rich Content Editor.
00:09:The menubar includes the same tools as found in the toolbar, but in a format that is easier to navigate with a keyboard.
00:17:To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
00:32:To view the Edit menu, click the Edit link.
00:35:From the Edit menu, you can undo content changes, redo content changes, cut, copy, paste, paste as text, and select all content. You can also view the keyboard shortcuts for each edit option.
00:51:To view the View menu, click the View link.
00:54:From the View menu, you can expand the editor content area to the width of your browser and open the HTML editor.
01:02:To open the Insert menu, click the Insert link.
01:06:To insert a link, click the Link option. You can link to an external URL or course content.
01:13:To insert an image, click the Image option. You can upload a new image or insert an image from your course or user files.
01:21:To insert media, click the Media option. You can record media, upload media, or insert media from your course or user files.
01:30:To insert a document, click the Document option. You can upload a document or insert a document from your course or user files.
01:39:To insert a math equation, click the Equation option.
01:43:To insert a table, click the Table option.
01:46:To embed content using an embed code, click the Embed option.
01:51:To insert a horizontal line, click the Horizontal Line option.
01:56:To open the Format menu, click the Format link.
02:00:You can select several formatting options, including bold, italic, underline, strikethrough, superscript, subscript, and code.
02:12:To open the Formats menu, click the Formats option. The Formats menu includes options for headings, inline text, blocks, and alignment.
02:22:To view and manage blocks, click the Blocks option.
02:26:To select a font, click the Fonts option.
02:29:To change the font size, click the Font sizes option.
02:33:To manage text alignment, click the Align option.
02:37:To change the direction of the text, click the Directionality option. You can format text from left to right and from right to left.
02:46:To select a text color, click the Text color option.
02:50:To select a background color, click the Background color option.
02:54:To clear formatting, click the Clear formatting link.
02:58:Check the word count or use Find and Replace functionality in the Rich Content Editor.
03:04:To view word count statistics, click the Word count option.
03:08:To embed content from an external tool, click the Apps option.
03:13:To replace words, click the Find and Replace option.
03:17:To view the Table menu, click the Table link.
03:20:To add a new table, click the Table option.
03:23:To format the table rows, click the Row option. To format the table columns, click the Column option. To format the table cells, click the Cell option.
03:33:To view table properties, click the Table properties link. To delete the table, click the Delete table option.
03:40:This guide shows how to use the menubar in the Rich Content Editor as a student.
View Menubar
The menubar displays above the Rich Content Editor. The menubar includes the same tools as found in the toolbar, but in a format that is easier to navigate with a keyboard.
To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Edit Menu
To view the Edit menu, click the Edit link. From the Edit menu, you can undo content changes, redo content changes, cut, copy, paste, paste as text, and select all content. You can also view the keyboard shortcuts for each edit option. 
View View Menu
To view the View menu, click the View link. From the View menu, you can expand the editor content area to the width of your browser and open the HTML editor. 
Note: Fullscreen is not supported for the HTML editor.
View Insert Menu
To open the Insert menu, click the Insert link. To insert a link, click the Link option. You can link to an external URL or course content.
To insert an image, click the Image option. You can upload a new image or insert an image from your course or user files.
To insert media, click the Media option. You can record media, upload media, or insert media from your course or user files.
To insert a document, click the Document option. You can upload a document or insert a document from your course or user files.
To insert a math equation, click the Equation option.
 To insert a table, click the Table option. 
To embed content using an embed code, click the Embed option.
To insert a horizontal line, click the Horizontal Line option.
View Format Menu
To open the Format menu, click the Format link. You can select several formatting options, including bold, italic, underline, strikethrough, superscript, subscript, and code.
To open the Formats menu, click the Formats option. The Formats menu includes options for headings, inline text, blocks, and alignment.
To view and manage blocks, click the Blocks option. 
To select a font, click the Fonts option. 
To change the font size, click the Font sizes option. 
To manage text alignment, click the Align option.
To change the direction of the text, click the Directionality option. You can format text from left to right and from right to left.
To select a text color, click the Text color option. 
To select a background color, click the Background color option. 
To clear formatting, click the Clear formatting link.
View Tools Menu
To open the Tools menu, click the Tools link.
To view word count statistics, click the Word count option.
To embed content from an external tool, click the Apps option.
To find and replace content, click the Find and Replace option. You can also press Command+F (on a Mac keyboard) or Control+F (on a PC keyboard).
View Table Menu
To view the Table menu, click the Table link.
To add a new table, click the Table option. 
To format the table rows, click the Row option. To format the table columns, click the Column option. To format the table cells, click the Cell option.
To view table properties, click the Table properties link. To delete the table, click the Delete table option.How do I create a hyperlink from Microsoft Office 365 in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Apps option, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open Microsoft Office 365
If the Office 365 LTI tool does not display in your recently used applications, you will need to select it from the list of all applications.
Click the Microsoft Office 365 link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Microsoft Office 365 link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Attach File
Locate the file you want to link and click the checkbox next to the file name. Click the Attach File button.
View File Link
View the file link in the Rich Content Editor
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content EditorHow do I manage external app placements for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Open Placements
Locate the external app you want to manage. Then click the Settings button and select the Placements option.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas.
View Placements
The App Placements menu displays all placements for the external app. An active placement displays the Checkmark icon. An inactive placement displays the X icon.
Depending on the LTI tool, the following app placement categories can be viewed in the App Placements Menu:
Assignment Selection: Configure an LTI tool to be selectable as an assignment during assignment creation or editing.
Editor Button: Configure an LTI tool to display as a button in the Rich Content Editor.
Homework Submissions: Configure an LTI tool to display when a student is submitting content for an assignment. When a tool is configured, users will see an additional tab during assignment submission for assignments that accept online submissions.
Link Selection: Configure an LTI tool to select LTI to launch URLs as module items.
Navigation: Configure an LTI tool to display as a link in the navigation for a course, account, or user.
Migration Selection: Configure an LTI tool to display in the Course Imports menu of a course.
Manage Placement
To disable an active placement, click the Checkmark icon. To enable an inactive placement, click the X icon.
To close the App Placements menu, click the Close button.Making assignments available to students
Confirm Existing Assignment
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. Then verify that the assignment is listed on the Assignments page.
Confirm Assignment Status
Check the assignment's publish status icons. A circle with a checkmark icon indicates that the assignment is Published. A circle-backslash icon indicates that the assignment is Unpublished. Students can only view published assignments. 
To publish an assignment, click the Unpublished icon. 
Learn more about publishing assignments. 
Review Assignment Details
Click the assignment name and then click the Edit button. 
View the assignment availability dates in the Assign section. 
Availability dates determine when students can view and submit an assignment. If the date is before or past the assignment availability date range, students cannot submit the assignment.
Learn more about availability dates. 
Review Assign to Fields
By default, Canvas assigns new assignments to all students enrolled in your course.
If you specified a group or section in the Assign to field, you may need to verify that students are properly enrolled in a section or assigned in a group.
Availability dates determine when students can view and submit an assignment. If the date is before or past the assignment availability date range, students cannot submit the assignment.
Confirm Module Status
If you use modules in your course, in Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Check the published and unpublished icons.
Confirm both overall module and the module items are marked as published. If only one of the two is published, the students will not be able to see all of the content.
Learn more about publishing modules. How do I view Grades in the Dashboard as an observer
Open Grades
In the Dashboard sidebar, click the View Grades button. 
View Courses
The Linked Student Accounts heading displays the name of each student and their linked courses, as well as their current overall grade.. If no grades have been assigned, the grade appears as no grade. 
To view grading details for a student in a course, click the student name and course link.
Notes: 
Your student's instructor may restrict you from viewing grade totals.
If enabled by your student's institution, you may only have the ability to view qualitative data, such as letter grades and grading comments.
View Grading Periods
If your student's course is using multiple grading periods, the course displays the name and grade of the current grading period. To view grades for another grading period, click the grading period drop-down menu.
Note: Your instructor may restrict you from viewing grade totals.How does Canvas work as a supplement to face-to-face courses
Instructors
In face-to-face courses, you can use Canvas features to help manage your course, such as Gradebook and Assignments. 
You can use features to gather student work via online submissions in assignments, or deliver course content such as PDFs, documentation, and presentations using Files. 
Canvas quizzes give you an opportunity to provide online practice quizzes or class surveys quickly and easily. 
Canvas modules allow you to organize units of related materials that students can access from any device with an internet connection. Organized content in modules make great stand-alone resources—review materials, videos, images, self-paced activities such as practice quizzes, or web quests. You can also use them to try new teaching practices such as flipped classroom models in select lessons. How do I sort an individual assignment column in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Menu
Hover over the assignment column header and click the Options icon.
Sort Column
Click the Sort by link, then select the option how you want to sort the column.
Sort by Grade
To sort by grade, select the Grade - Low to High or Grade - High to Low option. 
Sort by Missing
To sort by missing status, select the Missing option. 
Sort by Late
To sort by late status, select the Late option.
Sort by Excused
To sort by excused status, select the Excused option.
Sort by Unposted
To sort by unposted status, select the Unposted option.
Note: You can only filter by the unposted status when the grade posting policy is set to manually post grades. 
Sort by Student Name
To remove individual assignment column sorting options, sort by student name. 
Click the Options icon in the Student Name column, then select the Sort by option and select a sorting option.How do I use the Announcements Index Page as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
View Index Page
The Announcements Index page is designed with global settings at the top of the page, followed by the individual announcements.
View Global Settings
Global settings allow you to filter the announcement list to view all or only unread announcements.
To search for an announcement by words in its title, enter words, phrases, or partial words in the Search field.
To mark all announcements as being read, click the Mark all as read button. 
To add a new announcement, click the Add Announcement button.
To view external feeds for announcements, click the External Feeds link. You can add an external feed or subscribe to the Announcements RSS feed.
View Announcements
Announcements are listed in reverse chronological order with the newest appearing first and the older Announcements appearing towards the bottom.
Each announcement includes the title of the announcement, the profile picture of the user who posted the announcement, an unread indicator near unread announcements, the announcement post date, the number of unread/total replies in the announcement, and an options icon to manage individual announcement settings.
Notes: 
A profile picture displaying the letter U in place of a user's profile picture indicates that an announcement was imported using a course copy, the Course Import Tool, or a blueprint course. Additionally, copied announcements do not include a posted date and time.
If a user does not have a profile picture, the user's initials display in place of their profile picture.
Manage Announcements
To apply a bulk action, such as locking or deleting, click the checkbox next to the announcements. To close all selected announcements to comments, click the Lock button. To delete all selected announcements, click the Delete button.
Manage Individual Announcements
To view an announcement, click the name of the announcement.
You can also use the options icon to delete the announcement. If your course allows comments, you can also allow or disallow comments. 
View Student View
To view the announcements index page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I view my Microsoft Office 365 files in Canvas as an instructor
Open Office 365
In Course Navigation, click the Office 365 link.
Log in to Office 365
You may be asked to authenticate your account. Click the Log In button. 
In an external window, enter your Office 365 email (or phone number) and password.
View OneDrive
View the files and folders in your OneDrive folder. 
OneDrive displays file name and the date it was modified. Files display the file size.
Search for Files
To search for a file, enter the name of the file and press the Enter (Return) key.
View Search Results
OneDrive returns file results related to your search.
Open File
To open a file, click the name of the file.
View File
View the file in Microsoft Word online. You can edit the document directly in your browser if necessary.
Log Out
If you have multiple OneDrive accounts and need to log out, click the Logout link. You can log in again using a different OneDrive account and view those files in Canvas.How do I use grading schemes in a course as an instructor
Common Grading Schemes
Grading schemes are built based on points and percentage ranges, and each percentage range is assigned a name value. You can create any type of grading scheme by editing the name and percentage range for each item. When enabling a grading scheme for a course, the grading scheme is applied to the students' final grades in addition to the overall percentage. 
Notes:
Grading schemes only support two decimal places.
The only scores allowed in the Gradebook are those defined in the grading scheme. 
Gradebook entries that are not specifically defined in the grading scheme revert back to the icon showing that the submission needs to be graded. Depending on an assignment's display grade, some Gradebook entries cannot convert to a grading scheme.
Letter Grades
Letter Grades is the most traditional type of grading scheme and is the default format for new grading schemes. Only supported scores are allowed in the Gradebook, so if you build a letter grade scheme with name values for only A, B, and C, you cannot enter a score that converts to an A- or B+.
Performance
Performance grading schemes are based on a standard of individual performance. Only supported scores are allowed in the Gradebook, so if you build a performance scheme with the name values of only Excellent and Poor, you cannot enter a score of Good.
Points
Points grading schemes are based on a set of points in a range. When the course grading scheme is point-based, Assignment Group totals and Final Score display a tooltip of raw earned points and total points. In the gradebook cell, points display scaled points as fractions.
Note: When the Final Grade Override feature option is enabled for an institution and a course is using a point-based grading scheme, instructors can override the grade with a letter grade only.
Course Grading Schemes
When enabling a grading scheme for a course, the grading scheme is applied to the students' final grades in addition to the overall percentage. Learn how to enable a course grading scheme.
Student View
Students can view the results of the grading scheme on their Grades page.
Assignment Grading Schemes
Grading schemes can be applied specifically to individual assignments. Each assignment includes a field that allows you to choose how the grade is displayed in the Gradebook and in the student Grades page. Learn how to enable an assignment grading scheme.
For Letter Grade Schemes, you can input scores in the Gradebook depending on the assignment display type:
For any assignment type, you can enter grades as points or a percentage. For instance, if an assignment is worth 10 points and the student earns 9, you can input 9 or 90% (which displays the grade defined in the percentage range). 
When an assignment grade display is specifically set to Letter Grade, you can also input a letter grade directly, such as an A-. 
For Performance schemes, you can input scores in the Gradebook by points, percentage, or performance value. For instance, if an assignment is worth 10 points and the student earns 9, you can input 9 or 90% (which displays the performance defined in the percentage range). You can also input a performance value directly.
Note: Grading schemes do not apply to Assignment Group columns in the Gradebook. 
Student View
In the Grades page, students can see their grades displayed with both the points earned and the grading scheme equivalent.Logging into a Free-for-Teacher account
Log In
To log in to a Free-for-Teacher (FFT) account, navigate to https://canvas.instructure.com or https://k12.instructure.com. 
Enter your email and password. To log in, click then Log In button. 
Note: If you have added multiple email addresses to your account, use the original email added during account creation to log in.
Find Account
If you are unable to log in to the FFT login page, you may need to locate your institution's Canvas URL.After a failed login attempt, a warning message displays suggestion you may have an account with another institution.
To search for your institution, click the Click here to find it link.
Select Institution
Enter the name of your institution in the Search for your school or institution field. Select the name of your institution from the search results.
Note: You must enter at least three characters in the search field for results to display.
Confirm Login Information
If you do not have a separate institution URL, confirm that you are using the correct email address and password to use on the FFT login page. If you have added multiple email addresses to your account, use the original email added during account creation.
If you’ve confirmed the login credentials are correct, you can reset your passwordby clicking the Forgot Password? link.
Reset Password
Check your email inbox, as well as any spam or junk folders, for a password request email.
When you open the email, you can reset your password by clicking the Click here to set a new password link.
Confirm Password
In some cases, you may get a message that the system administrators should have provided the password to you. Please contact your instructor or system administrator for more information on changing or verifying your password.
Use External Authentication
If your account was created using an external authentication method, such as Google, Facebook, or Office 365, you may need to log in using this authentication provider. To log in, click the icon that represents the provider.
Note: If you’d like to log in using your email and password, please contact Canvas Support for assistance.How do I enter and edit grades in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Locate Student Assignment
Locate the student name and assignment where you want to enter a grade.
Enter Grade
Grades are entered according to the assignment's Display Grade setting. Grades can be entered as one of five options: points, complete/incomplete, letter grade, percentage, and GPA. You can change the assignment to display grades for a specific grading type.
Note: When you reach the end of a column, pressing the Return or Enter key advances to the top of the next column.
Enter Points Grade
To enter a points grade, enter the number of points in the cell and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard). 
Enter Complete or Incomplete Grade
To enter a complete or incomplete grade, click the drop-down menu in the cell and select the desired icon. Grading options include complete, incomplete, ungraded, and excused.
Enter Letter Grade
Click the drop-down menu and select a letter grade from the menu.
You can also manually enter a letter grade. Enter the letter which corresponds to the letter scale defined by the grading scheme and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard).
View Letter Grade Validation Error
If you enter a letter grade that is not supported in the grading scheme, the cell displays an invalid grade warning icon. Canvas will also display an invalid grade warning message.
Enter Percentage Grade
To enter a percentage grade, enter the percent in the cell and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard). 
Enter GPA Grade
To enter a GPA grade, click the drop-down menu and select the desired grade from the menu.
You can also enter the number which corresponds to the GPA scale defined by the grading scheme and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard).
View GPA Grade Validation Error
If you enter a letter grade that is not supported in the grading scheme, the cell displays an invalid grade warning icon. Canvas will also display an invalid grade warning message.
Edit Grade
To edit an existing grade in the Gradebook, click the assignment cell for the grade. 
To assign a new grade, enter the new grade. To delete the grade, click the Delete key. 
To apply the edited grade, press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard). 
Enter Grade via Grade Detail Tray
Grades can also be entered in the Grade Detail Tray according to the assignment's display grade setting. To open the tray, click an assignment cell for a student and click the Grade Detail Tray icon. In the Grade field, enter the grade for the student.
To advance to the next student, click the arrow icon. 
View Excessive Points Alert
If an excessive amount of points is added to a student's grade, Canvas will generate an alert notifying that the student was awarded an unusually high grade. You can either keep or correct the point value.
Excessive points can occur in the following situations:
The amount entered is 50% above the total points possible
An extra digit is entered (e.g. 500 instead of 50)
An assignment is given negative pointsHow do I view all groups in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
View Group Sets
If at least one group has been created in the course, the People page defaults to the Everyone tab, which displays all users in your course. Otherwise, the page asks you to add a group set using the Add Group Set button. You can add a group set at any time.
View User Groups
Once you create a group set in the course, the group set displays as a linked tab for easy access to the group set information. You can click any tab to view a group set for a user group.
You can also click the Options menu and select the View User Groups link. The page will open the first group set in the course.
When you view a group set, the outlined tab shows the group set you are viewing. Click any tab to view another group set.
View Groups
As part of creating a group set, groups are also created manually, automatically, or by importing a CSV file. 
By default, all groups are collapsed in the page. You can expand each group and see which students are assigned to each group in the group set, if any, by clicking the arrow next to the group name.
Once students are participating in a group, you can open the group Options menu and view content and activity within a group.
View Enrollment Notice
If a group includes an inactive student, a label displays next to the student's name. Inactive student group submissions can still be graded in SpeedGrader, but students do not receive any notifications about their assignment and cannot view course grades. Students can view the student's name but will not know the student is inactive. To improve the group experience for all group members, inactive students should be moved to another group.
Manage Group Set
To manage the details of the group set, click the Options menu. 
To edit the group set, click the Edit link. 
To clone the group set, click the Clone Group Set link. Cloning a group set will copy the entire group set, including all groups, group leaders, and memberships. You can also create a new name to differentiate the cloned group set. If you do not change the name, the group name will remain the same but identified as a clone.
If you want to modify a group but the group includes student submissions, you should clone the group instead of modifying the group memberships. Modifying the group may have unintended consequences for student grades. 
To delete the group set, click the Delete link. Deleting a group set also deletes all the groups within the group set.How do I reorder questions in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To reorder questions, find the quiz you want to edit.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Move with Question Navigator
To move a question in the Question Navigator, locate the question you want to move.
Drag and Drop Question
Click the question’s Move icon and drag the question to the new location.
Drag and Drop into Quiz
You can also move a question by dragging a question from the Question Navigator into the quiz.
Click the question’s Move icon and drag the question to its new location in the quiz.
Move Question on Build Page
To move a question on the Build page, locate the question you want to move. Then click the Move icon.
Select Location
To move the question, select the option to move to the top, move up one place, move down one place, or move to the bottom.
Move with Drag and Drop
To drag and drop the question, hover your cursor over the Move icon. Then click and hold to drag the question to its new location.
Drag and Drop into Question Navigator
You can also move a question by dragging it from the quiz into the Question Navigator.
Click the question’s Move icon and drag the question to its new location in the Question Navigator.
Move with Keyboard Navigation
To move a question using keyboard navigation, press the Tab key until the Move icon is highlighted for the question you want to move.
Open the Move menu by pressing the Enter key (PC) or Return key (Mac). Then use the arrow keys to select the option to move to the top, move up one place, move down one place, or move to the bottom.How do I edit and remove hyperlinks in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing a group announcement, discussion, or page, or when completing an assignment or quiz.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Edit Link
Click the link in the Rich Content Editor. Then click the Link Options link. 
You can also click the Link Options arrow and select the Edit Link option.
Note: To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
View Link Options
In the Link Options menu, you can edit the hyperlinked text in the Text field. You can edit the URL in the Link field. 
To save your changes, click the Done button. 
Note: When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab.
Remove Link
To remove a link, click the Link Options arrow and select the Remove Link option. 
Remove Multiple Links
To remove multiple links, highlight the text that contains the links you want to remove. Then click the Link Options arrow and select the Remove Links option.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.How do I create hyperlinks to course or group content in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of the course or group content item, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear. 
To insert a hyperlink to a course or group content item, select the text for your hyperlink. 
Open Course Link
In the toolbar, click the Links icon and select the Course Link option.
Notes: 
You can also link to course files such as images, media files, and documents. 
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Group Link
When using the Rich Content Editor within groups, you can create a link to group content.
In the toolbar, click the Link icon and select the Group Link option.
Notes: 
You can also link to group files such as group images, group media files, and group documents. 
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Select Course or Group Content
Use the Add menu to select the linked content. By default, the Add drop-down menu displays Links for content. You can also add document, image, and media file links.
To search for course or group content, type at least three characters in the Search field. 
Content items are grouped by content type. To view a list of course or group content items, click the arrow icon next to the content type. Then click the name of the course or group item you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
You may be able to link to course or group content in Pages, Assignments, Quizzes, Announcements, Discussions, Modules, and Navigation items. 
Add Course or Group Content
To add a content item, open the content section and click the Add one! link.
Drag and Drop Content Links
You can also choose to drag and drop course or group content links from the Add menu by selecting the item and dragging and dropping it to the desired location in the Rich Content Editor. 
Insert Course Navigation Link
You can also insert Course Navigation links from the Add menu. When a user clicks on an inserted Course Navigation link, Canvas will navigate them to that course feature page. 
Insert Group Navigation Link
If creating a hyperlink within a group, you can insert Group Navigation links from the Add menu. When a user clicks on an inserted Group Navigation link, Canvas will navigate them to that group feature page. 
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the content item or the hyperlinked text. 
Edit Hyperlink
To edit a content link, hover over the text for your hyperlink and click the Link Options link.
View the current linked course or group content.
To replace the course or group content link, enter at least three characters in the Search field. Or you can use the feature area sections to find and replace the content.
Click the Replace button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply or Reply button.
View Content
View the content. To view the linked course or group content, click the inserted link.
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon. How do I set up multi-factor authentication for my user account as an admin
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
Set Up Multi-Factor Authentication
Click the Set Up Multi-Factor Authentication button.
Verify via Authenticator App
To verify multi-factor authentication a time-based one-time password (TOTP) authenticator app on iPhone or Android (ex: Google Authenticator, Microsoft Authenticator, Authy), download the app for your device. 
Use the app to scan and generate the QR code. Enter the code in the Verification Code field.
If you want multi-factor authentication to remember the computer you are using to log in to Canvas, click the Remember this computer checkbox.
Click the Verify button.
Verify via Text Message
To verify multi-factor authentication via text message, enter your phone number and select your carrier. This is the number where your multi-factor verification code will be sent.
Once you have set up your new phone number, or selected an existing phone number, click the Send button. Your mobile device will receive a verification code. Enter the code in the Verification Code field.
If you want multi-factor authentication to remember the computer you are using to log in to Canvas, click the Remember this computer checkbox.
Click the Verify button.
Manage Multi-Factor Authentication
Once multi-factor authentication is enabled, your User Settings page may display additional options to manage your authentication.
You can choose to create multi-factor authentication codes to use as backup in case your authentication device is not available. This option is available to all users with multi-factor authentication.
If multi-factor authentication is optional for your account, you can also choose to reconfigure authentication or disable authentication. Making files available to students
Review File Status and Publish Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Files link. View the files in your course, and locate any files your students cannot access. A circle with a checkmark indicates that the file is Published. A circle-backslash icon indicates that the file is Unpublished. Students can only view published files. 
Note: You may also need to open file folders to confirm that files in folders are also published.
Review Link Validator
If your course includes content imported from previous courses, any links to files may not update correctly to your current course. Use the Link Validator tool to locate broken or missing links. You can then update the links to the current course.
To use the link validator, click the Settings link in Course Navigation.Then click the Validate Links in Content button.
Note: You may also need to open the link and check the URL course code to confirm the file is not going to a previous course.Using Canvas Conferences
View Conference Status
Begin by checking the status of your conference. To view your course conference, click the BigBlueButton link in Course Navigation.
Conferences that are in progress or haven't started are listed in the New Conferences section. Any conference that is available to join display the Join button.
Conferences that do not display the Join button haven't started yet. View conference details or contact your instructor for more information.
If your conference is listed in the Concluded Conferences section, it is completed and no longer available.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Follow the steps below depending on which browser and operating system you use.
Chrome
PC:
In the Chrome browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
Use the drop-down menu to select the time range from which you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
Mac:
In the browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
In the data drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site and plug-in data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Chrome, visit Google Support.
Edge
In the Edge menu bar, click the Hub icon.
To view your browsing history, click the History icon.
Click the Clear all history link.
Choose the types of data or files you want to remove. Select the Cookies and saved website data and Cached data and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Edge, visit Microsoft Support.
Firefox
PC:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
Mac:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Firefox, visit Firefox Support.
Safari
In the Safari menu bar, click the Safari option.
Click the Clear History link.
In the Clear History drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Click the Clear History button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Safari, visit Apple Support.
Use Incognito/Private Browser
If clearing your cache and cookies doesn't resolve the problem, something in your browser may be blocking your access to Canvas Conferences.  To verify this, try using Chrome’s incognito or Firefox Private mode.
Try New Browser
If you cannot access a conference from an incognito or private browser, try using a different browser. Canvas generally recommends using Chrome or Firefox.
View Canvas Status Page
If you are still having trouble accessing your conference, view the Canvas status page to see if something is currently affecting Conferences.How do I view groups in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Settings, click the People link.
View User Groups
Click the View User Groups link.
View Group Sets
Once you create a group set in your account, the group set displays as a tab for easy access to the group information. You can also view a group set directly by clicking the name of the tab.
The highlighted tab shows which group set you are viewing. Click any tab to view another group set.
View Groups
When you created the group set, you also created groups, either manually or automatically.
By default, all groups are collapsed in the page. You can expand each group and see which students are assigned to each group in the group set, if any, by clicking the arrow next to the group name.
Once users are participating in a group, you can view their activity within a group by clicking the group Options icon and selecting the Visit Group Homepage link.
Add Group Set
To add a group set, click the Add Group Set button.
Manage Group Set
To manage a group, click the group Options icon. 
To edit the name of the group, click the Edit link. To delete the group, click the Delete link.
Note: Currently the Randomly Assign Students link is not supported in account groups. All users must be added manually to each group.How do I allow students to like replies in a course announcement as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Add Announcement
Click the Add Announcement button.
Allow Liking
Click the Allow liking checkbox.
Set Liking Options
When allowing announcement likes, you can limit the users who can like to graders only.
To limit the liking functionality to only graders in the course, click the Only graders can like checkbox. When this checkbox is selected, only users with the Edit Grades permission can see the Like link. However, all users will still see the total number of likes for each reply.
Note: Announcement replies are sorted in descending order. 
Save Announcement
Click the Save button.How do I view my course analytics as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open User Details
Locate and click your name in the course roster.
Open Analytics
In the sidebar, click the Analytics button.
View Grade Percentage
In the analytics page, you can view your total grade percentage in the course. 
View Analytics Graphs
By default, analytics are shown in a graph format. These are four types of graphs: Activity by Date, Communication, Submissions, and Grades.
View Activity by Date
The Activity by Date graph shows all your course activity. The x-axis represents the course dates, while the y-axis represents the number of page views. Dark blue bars represent participation in the course. If a date only includes page views, the bar only displays as light blue. 
The graph changes the bar display according to the length of time. Activity that is less than six months old displays bars as daily activity, at six months bars are displayed as weekly activity, and at approximately a year bars are displayed as monthly activity. To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. The weekly view shows the first and last date for the week; the monthly view shows the month and the year. Browser window size, zoom level, and screen resolution may also change how the bars display.
The following user actions will generate analytics course participation:
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit the document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions/Announcements: posts a new comment to a discussion or an announcement
Quizzes: submits a quiz
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz
Assignments: submits an assignment
Pages: creates a wiki page
View Communication
The Communication graph shows the conversations that have taken place with your instructor(s) through the Canvas Inbox. The x-axis represents the user type; orange message icons show when you sent a message to an instructor, and blue message icons show when an instructor sent a message to you. The y-axis represents the interaction date. 
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. You can view the date of the communication and how many messages were sent. A message is an individual message passed from one user to the other; in message threads, each message is individually counted. In group conversations, interactions are counted as long as you were one of the recipients. Notifications are not included in analytics unless you acted on the notification and generated a new message that passes through the Canvas Inbox. Announcements are not included in communication analytics. 
View Submissions
The Submissions graph shows the status of each of your assignment submissions. The x-axis represents each assignment, while the y-axis represents the submission date. A green circle indicates an assignment that was submitted on time. A yellow triangle indicates an assignment that was submitted late. A red square indicates an assignment that is missing (not submitted). The diamond indicates the due date and the bar extends to the submission date. A white circle with a black outline indicates an assignment with a future due date. 
If a submission includes a due date, the submission may include horizontal line. The line indicates when the assignment was submitted, while the shape indicates the actual due date. If a submission was submitted before the due date, the horizontal line is green; if it was submitted after the due date, the horizontal line is yellow. Submissions without a horizontal line either have no due date, or the assignment was submitted on the due date. 
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. Current and past assignments include the assignment title, the due date (if any), the submission date, and the score. Future assignments include the assignment title, due date (if any), and the score.
Note: The Submissions chart does not include information about assignments that do not require a submission (e.g., not graded, on paper assignments) or excused assignments. 
View Grades
The Grades graph shows the median, high, and low scores for each of your assignments. The x-axis represents each assignment, while the y-axis represents the number of points for an assignment. The vertical black line extends from the highest score to the lowest score. The gray box extends from the 75th percentile to 25th percentile. The horizontal black line shows the median score for the assignment.
Each assignment score is indicated by the same shapes found in the Submissions graph. A green circle indicates an assignment with a score at or above the course median. A yellow triangle indicates an assignment with a score slightly below the median. A red square indicates an assignment with a score below the median or at the bottom of the score range.
To view assignment names and details, hover your cursor over the graph.
View Analytics Tables
To view analytics without hovering over graph columns, you can view all data in a table format. To switch to the table format, click the Analytics icon. The icon will switch from the left side to the right, indicating the current analytics view. 
View Table Data
Tables apply to every graph in its respective page, and each column defines the data within its respective graph. Graphical data is displayed by column. 
Each table is paginated to 30 entries per page; additional pages can be viewed by advancing to the next page.How do I add a rubric to a quiz as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Show Rubric
Click the Options icon and select the Show Rubric link. 
Add Rubric
Click the Add Rubric button.
Find a Rubric
To find an existing rubric, click the Find a Rubric link. 
You can find rubrics that were created in previous quizzes as well as rubrics created in other courses where you have an instructor role. 
Select Rubric
In the first column, select a course or account. In the second column, locate and click the name of a rubric. You can view the criteria and points in each rubric. To select a rubric for the quiz, scroll to the bottom of the rubric and click the Use This Rubric button.
Edit Rubric
To reopen the rubric and select rubric settings, click the Edit icon.
Create New Rubric
If you can't find an existing rubric to use for the quiz, you can create a new rubric for your quiz. New rubrics are saved in your course for future use. 
Select Rubric Settings
Once you have added a rubric, you can select several options for the rubric.
If you want to write free-form comments to students in SpeedGrader, select the I'll write free-form comments... checkbox. If this option is selected, no ratings are used to assess the student and criterion values are assigned manually.
If you want to remove points from the rubric, select the Remove points from rubric checkbox. If this option is selected, no points are associated with the rubric, but students can still be rated using the rubric criterion.
If you have the Learning Mastery Gradebook enabled but you don't want outcome results posted to the Learning Mastery Gradebook, select the Don't post Outcomes results to Learning Mastery Gradebook checkbox. If this option is selected, students will be able to see rubric and outcome results in the Grades and submission details pages but results will not be posted to the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
If you don't want students to see the score total for the rubric, select the Hide score total for assessment results checkbox. Students can still see the point values for each criterion, but the total score will not be shown at the bottom of the rubric. This option applies to students when they view rubrics from the Grades page.
Save Rubric
Click the Update Rubric button.
Note: If you created a new rubric, the assignment will show the Create Rubric button.
View Rubric
View the rubric for the assignment. 
To edit the rubric, click the Edit icon. To replace the rubric with an existing rubric, click the Search icon. To delete the rubric from the assignment, click the Delete icon. 
To close the rubric and return to the quiz, click the Close icon.
Copy Rubric
If you try to edit a rubric that has been used in more than one assignment (assignment, graded discussion, or quiz), Canvas generates a warning message that the rubric can't be edited. This message means that the rubric can't be edited directly, but you can create a copy of the rubric. 
To create a copy of the rubric, click the OK button. Canvas will create a copied version of the rubric. The edited version will automatically replace the previous rubric in the quiz. 
The copied rubric will also be saved in the course rubrics list for future use. 
Student View
Students can view the rubric for the quiz on the Submission Details page, which is accessible from the Grades page.How do I mark a module item as done for a module requirement as a student
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Open Content Page
Click the name of the content page with the requirement.
Mark Done
Click the Mark as Done button. 
Confirm Done
When you mark the page as done, the button changes from Mark as Done to Done. 
Unmark Page
If you want to unmark the page as done, click the Done button. The button will turn back into the Mark as Done button.How do I view the sync history for a blueprint course as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Sync History
In the Course Home Page, click the Blueprint sidebar tab, then click the Sync History link.
Note: You can access the Blueprint sidebar from any Course Navigation page.
View Sync History
The Sync History page shows information about the last five syncs to the blueprint course. The page displays the date and time of the sync, the number of changes, and the name of the user who synced the changes. 
If a message was included as part of the notification, the message is displayed above the list of synced changes.
For a course association made by an admin, sync history will show the date and time the sync was made but no details will be included related to the sync.
View Sync Details
The Sync History page shows the specific content that has been synced. Each content object shows the synced status of the object (locked or unlocked), the name of the content item, the content object type, the content change, and whether or not the sync was applied. 
Content changes can be created, updated, or deleted. Updated changes indicate any change to existing content.
View Sync Exceptions
The Sync History page may show items with a sync exception. Exceptions occur when content is not synced because the content was modified in an associated course before the blueprint course was synced.
An exception is noted by the Exception indicator, which includes the number of exceptions.
To view which course(s) had an exception, click the arrow icon next to the name of the content item. The expanded details show the term and the name of the course.
Close Sync History
When you are finished viewing the Sync History page, click the Done button.How do I enable the high contrast user interface as a student
Open User Navigation Menu
In User Navigation, click the Account link.
Enable High Contrast UI
Click the Use High Contrast UI toggle.
Reload Page
For the high contrast UI to take affect, reload the page or navigate to another page in Canvas.
View High Contrast UI
View the high contrast user interface (UI).
The high contrast user interface (UI) enhances the color contrast of text, buttons, and other elements so they are more distinct and easier to identify in Canvas. 
Note: The High Contrast UI setting does not support Institutional branding.Where can I download the Guides PDF manuals
PDF links last updated 2024-01-03
Canvas LMS
Canvas Basics Guide
Canvas Admin Guide
Canvas Instructor Guide
Canvas Student Guide
Canvas Observer Guide
Canvas for Elementary Guides
Canvas for Elementary Basics Guide
Canvas for Elementary Admin Guide
Canvas for Elementary Instructor Guide
Canvas for Elementary Observer Guide
Canvas for Elementary Student Guide
Canvas for Elementary Mobile Guides
Canvas for Elementary Student Android Guide
Canvas for Elementary Student iOS Guide
Canvas Catalog
Canvas Catalog Guide
Canvas Studio
Canvas Studio Guide
Canvas Student App
Canvas Student Android Guide
Canvas Student iOS Guide
Canvas Teacher App
Canvas Teacher Android Guide
Canvas Teacher iOS Guide
Canvas Parent App
Canvas Parent Android Guide
Canvas Parent iOS Guide
Impact Guide
Impact GuideHow do I add Slack as a contact method in Canvas as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link. Then click the Settings link.
Add Contact Method
In the Other Contacts section, click the Add Contact Method link.
Register Slack Email
Click the Slack Email tab.
Enter the email address associated with your Slack account in the Slack Email field.
Click the Register Slack Email button.
Confirm Slack Email
You will receive a Slack notification with a four-character confirmation code. Enter the code in the confirmation field.
To confirm the communication channel, click the Confirm button.
Delete Slack
To delete Slack as a contact method, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I manage file copyright settings for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View File Copyright Settings
Locate the file copyright settings in the Account Settings page.
Require File Copyright
To require copyright and license information for files before they are published, click the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published checkbox.
To lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. If this option is enabled and locked, it will be enabled in all sub-accounts and courses and cannot be changed.
If the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published option is enabled and not locked, it will be enabled in all sub-accounts and courses by default, but can be disabled by sub-account admins or instructors, respectively.
Update Account Settings
To update your account settings, click the Update Settings button.
View File Upload Message
If copyright and license information is required at the course level, users will see an error message indicating that they must set usage rights before they can publish a file.
Usage rights can be selected in the Usage Right drop-down menu and Copyright Holder field.
Note: Usage right settings do not apply to user files.
Remove File Copyright Requirement
To remove the requirement for copyright and license information for files before they are published, deselect the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published checkbox. 
To lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. If this option is locked but not enabled, it will be disabled in all sub-accounts and courses and cannot be managed in sub-accounts or courses.
If the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published option is not enabled and not locked, it will be disabled in all sub-accounts and courses by default, but can be enabled by sub-account admins or instructors, respectively.
Update Account Settings
To update your account settings, click the Update Settings button.How do I import a Canvas course export package as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, choose the Canvas Course Export Package option.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Choose the .imscc file you want to import. Click the Open button.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, select the All Content radio button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content radio button.
Notes: 
If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import after you review the remaining page options. After you start importing the content, the import selection cannot be canceled. 
If you select the specific content option, linked files and images in course content, such as in assignments, discussions, and pages, are not retained.
Bulk Migrate Existing Quizzes as New Quizzes
If allowed by your institution, you can bulk migrate existing quizzes into New Quizzes by clicking the Import existing quizzes as New Quizzes checkbox.
If your institution enables the quiz migration feature, question banks linked via a question group in Classic Quizzes will migrate to New Quizzes. If the quiz migration feature is not enabled by your institution, questions from question banks must be individually added before migrating to New Quizzes.
Notes: 
New Quizzes does not include a survey feature. Therefore, surveys migrated from Classic Quizzes come over as standard quizzes in New Quizzes.
After migration to New Quizzes, multiple dropdown questions display as matching questions.
Text No Question questions migrate to New Quizzes as Stimulus questions. An instructor must add a question in order for it to display in a quiz.
Question groups with manually created questions will migrate as item banks in New Quizzes.
If a quiz is migrated multiple times, Canvas uses smart merging to decipher the question bank content that should be retained. This process helps ensure all content is retained, such as in cases where multiple users may be making edits to a quiz at the same time.
Practice quizzes from Classic Quizzes can be migrated to New Quizzes. Once migrated, by default, the practice quizzes are displayed as zero points possible and are hidden from the Gradebook and Grades page.
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox.
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I add a section to a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Add Section
Enter the name of the new section in the Add a New Section field. Click the Add Section button.
View Section
View the section in your course. 
If needed, you can change section start and end dates.
You can add additional sections if necessary. Multiple sections are ordered alphabetically.
Note: If a section was previously added via SIS, and you have permission to view SIS IDs, the section's SIS ID also displays in the Course Sections page.
Add Users to Sections
Once you have added sections to your course, you can add users to sections from the People page in your course.Admin Role Use
Admin Role Use
The main uses of the Admin role are to allow a user to create and moderate terms, upload and manage SIS data, manage account- and course-level features, and manage course-level user roles and permissions. Depending upon the institution, Admins may also access and manage Canvas courses with permissions similar to those of the Teacher role.
Administrators may be added to an account or to a subaccount with specific account-level permissions configured to best fit their roles. For example, an academic advisor may be added to a Canvas subaccount with access to view SIS, account, and course data and with restricted access to courses and course content. 
In general, Admin permissions and account configurations reflect an institution’s structure. Administrative user roles and permissions may be configured to meet the needs of an institution’s administrative needs. A user can only be added as an Admin to an account by another administrator. 
Admin Access in Canvas
An institution may modify admin permissions based on user roles. To learn more about Admin participation in Canvas, view the Canvas Administrator Guide. 
Admins can:
Act as users
Add and remove other other administrators for the account
Add and remove course designers, observers, students, teachers, and teacher assistants to courses
Add, edit, and delete events on the course calendar
Create and manage course templates
Create student collaborations and web conferences
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Import, manage, and read SIS data
Manage account-level settings and features, developer keys, external applications (LTIs) permissions, storage quotas, and webhooks
Manage courses (including Blueprint courses), course sections, global announcements, and student groups
Manage learning outcomes and rubrics and view and link to question banks
Modify login details for users
Send messages to individual course members and to all members in a course
View account- and course-level statistics, account and course analytics pages, and usage reports for courses
View and comment on student submissions and moderate and post to discussions
View and manage alerts, assignments, notifications, quizzes, and all other course content
View course and grade change logs
View the list of courses, change course states, and undelete courses
View the answer matrix in Quiz Submission Logs
View the list of users in a course and view the group pages of all student groups
View, moderate, and edit grades
The following permissions never apply to subaccounts:
Act as users
Manage Blueprint courses
Manage developer keys and SIS data
Access View Notification tab in Admin Tools
Admin Role Limitations
Some account-level permissions are locked by default and cannot be changed by anyone. Other permissions may be locked by administrators within an institution.
Administrators who are given any course level role such as student or teacher in a course may still be able to view admin features and options. To avoid permission conflicts, admins should create a separate account.How do I view content and student activity within a group as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Visit Group Home Page
Next to the group name, click the Options menu. Then click the Visit Group Homepage link. 
View Group Home Page
As the instructor, you can view all of the student activity within the group by clicking any link in the Group Navigation Menu. You can also participate in any content area in the group, such as creating a collaboration for the group or viewing a group discussion. However, you can still create collaborations and group discussions from the course. Group members can also create their own content for the group.
When viewing a student group, you can easily switch and view all groups within a group set by clicking the Switch Group link. Also, instructors and student group leaders can view the Edit Group link, which allows quick access to edit the name of the group.
To return to the course home page, view the breadcrumbs link and click the name of the course.
Note: To expand or collapse the Group Navigation Menu, click the Menu icon. When you choose to expand or collapse the Group Navigation menu, your preference is applied to all groups in which you are a member.How do I create a Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Fill In Multiple Blanks question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Enter Question Details
Type your question into the Rich Content Editor. You can also use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities.
Note: Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks questions that include tables may not display some question content when viewed by students.
Create Reference Words
Now replace the words you want students to enter in the question with reference words. Reference words should be surrounded by brackets and cannot contain spaces, periods, or other non-alphanumeric characters. Once you place a word in brackets, the word will populate in the Show Possible Answers for drop-down menu.
For example, red has been replaced with [color1], and blue has been replaced with [color2]. 
Enter Answer Responses for First Reference Word
A student will not get full credit for an answer if it is left blank, misspelled, or is incorrect. For each item in the dropdown menu, instructors must try to account for all of the possible correct answers that a student might give. Currently, fill-in-multiple-blanks answers are not case sensitive. Partial credit will be assigned if only one of the fields is filled out correctly.
Select the first reference word in the drop-down list and type the different versions of the right answer in the Possible Answer fields. You can add comments for each answer if you wish. Click Add Another Answer to add more answer fields. 
Note: If a student does not enter any of the possible answers but still submits a valid response, instructors may need to manually grade the quiz to restore points that they lost.
Enter Answer Responses for Additional Reference Words
Select the second item in the drop-down menu to create associated answers. Repeat this process for as many reference words as are in your question.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer.
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks question.
Student View for Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see correct responses marked with a correct answer flag. Their incorrect response will be marked with a red flag and the correct response marked with a gray flag. Partial credit will be assigned if some of the blanks are completed correctly. How do I bookmark a question bank in a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Manage Question Banks
Click the Settings icon and click the Manage Question Banks link.
Bookmark Question Bank
Click the Bookmark icon.
View Bookmarked Bank
The bookmark will show a white x to verify the bank is bookmarked. 
Open Question Bank
You can also bookmark a Question Bank by clicking the title of the Question Bank. 
Bookmark Question Bank
Click the Bookmark this Bank button.
View Bookmarked Bank
Verify the bank is bookmarked. 
View Bookmarked Banks
On the Manage Question Bank page, you will see all the question banks for your course. In the sidebar, click the View Bookmarked Banks button to view all the banks you have bookmarked.How do I customize my Courses list as a student
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Manage Courses
To favorite a course, click the star next to a course. Courses with filled stars show the course is a favorite. 
Notes: 
After you have manually favorited at least one course, Canvas automatically favorites any new published course enrollments for you.
You can only favorite active courses.
View Unpublished Courses
If a course is unpublished and you are allowed to view unpublished courses before the course participation dates, you cannot favorite the course. If you hover over a star icon for an unpublished course, you can view a message indicating that the course cannot be added as a favorite.
Future and past enrollments also cannot be favorited.
View Past Enrollments
Depending on course configuration, you may still be able to view your past enrollments after courses have concluded. However, favorited courses are not automatically removed as a favorite. If a past enrollment course still shows as a favorite, you can unfavorite the course by toggling the star icon.How do I submit a peer review to an assignment using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Peer Review Assignment
In the Assignment Index page, you can view any peer reviews assigned to you. To open the peer review, click the Required Peer Review link.
If your peer review is anonymous, the student's name displays as Anonymous Student.
Note: If your instructor has assigned an On Paper or No Submission assignment, the assigned peer review does not display on this page. However, it can still be viewed from the Dashboard.
Complete Peer Review
To complete the peer review, add a comment, attach a file, or media comment, and click the Send Comment button.
Note: If your instructor includes a rubric, which is a pre-determined outline of how an assignment is graded, you must assign a grade using the rubric. However, your instructor may also ask you to leave a comment in the comment sidebar.
Complete Rubric
If the assignment has a rubric attached, you are only required to complete the attached rubric for the peer review to be considered finished. 
To view the rubric, click the Fill Out Rubric link.
To score the assignment with the rubric, select rubric ratings or enter a score for each criterion in the Points column. To deselect a rubric rating, click the rubric rating.
Each criterion score is added toward the total points for the assignment.
When you're finished, click the Submit button. You may need to refresh your browser to see that you've completed the required steps for the peer review.
Notes: 
Depending on how your instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values you still need to fill out the rubric to complete the peer review.
After you save the rubric, you cannot edit it to change your comments or ratings.
View Confirmation
View confirmation you have completed the peer review.How do I change the start and end dates for a course section as an instructor
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Section
Click the section name link.
Edit Section
Click the Edit Section button.
Set Start Date
Click the Starts calendar icon. Select a new start date for the section. You can also enter a time.
Click the Done button.
Set End Date
Click the Ends calendar icon. Select a new end date for the section. You can also enter a time.
Click the Done button.
Note: End dates occur at precisely the minute they are set. For example, a section with an end time at 11:59pm will end at 11:59:00pm.
Limit Student Participation
If you do not want to let students participate in the course section outside of the section dates, select the Students can only participate in the course between these dates checkbox. Selecting this checkbox creates a section override and overrides the course dates. Students can only participate in the course section between the section dates, and the course section will be in a read-only state outside the course section dates.
This checkbox only affects student and observer roles; all other roles default to term access dates. 
Notes: 
Section override dates are only created if the Student Participation checkbox is selected. 
If the Student Participation checkbox is not selected, students can participate in the course section before and after the start and end date, and participation will always be determined by the course dates. If a course does not include course dates, dates are determined by term dates. 
When the Student Participation checkbox is not selected, the section dates determine the placement of the course in the Past, Current, or Future Enrollments list for students.
Update Section
Click the Update Section button.Open Rich Content Editor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Video Options
To manage video options for a video previously uploaded in the Rich Content Editor, select the video, then click the Video Options button. 
Note: The Video Options button will not display for videos embedded from other websites.
Manage Video Options
To edit the video title, use the Title field. 
By default, videos created or uploaded using the Rich Content Editor will display as an embedded video. To display as a text link that will open in a new tab when clicked, select the Display Text Link option. 
To manage an embedded video's size, select the Size drop-down. 
Any closed caption or subtitle files that have been added will display in the Closed Captions/Subtitles section. To remove a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Delete icon. To a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Add icon. 
Notes: 
SRT and VTT caption files are supported in the Rich Content Editor.
Users can view video captions in the Canvas apps. However, iOS devices can only display captions in WebVTT format. If you use another format besides WebVTT, users on iOS devices will not be able to display the video captions.
Save Video Options
To save your changes, click the Done button. How do I add an image to a course card in the Dashboard as an instructor
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Choose Image
Click the Choose Image button.
Upload File
To upload your own image, drag and drop your image into the Upload Image section. Or, to browse your computer and locate an image, click the Upload Image section. 
Images will automatically upload, but larger images may take a few seconds to process. The image will be centered and resized to fit the course card.
View Image
View the image as it will be shown in the Dashboard course card.
Manage Image
To manage the image, click the Options icon. To change the image and select a new one, click the Change image option. To remove the image completely, click the Remove image option.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I submit an assignment on behalf of a student as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Grade Detail Tray
Locate the student name and assignment. Click the Gradebook cell and click the Grade Detail Tray icon.
Submit for Student
To submit for a student, click the Submit for Student link.
Upload File
To upload a file from your computer, drag and drop a file, or browse your computer files by clicking the Choose a file to upload link. To submit the file, click the Submit button.
View Submission Details
View submission details in the Grade Detail Tray. You can also view the uploaded file uploaded in Speedgrader.
Note: Students and Observers can see the submission details when they view the assignment. Once I publish a quiz, how do I make additional changes
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Edit Quiz
Locate the quiz you want to edit and click the Settings icon. Click the Edit link.
To edit quiz settings, click the Details tab. To edit quiz questions, click the Questions tab. 
Make the required edits to your quiz. 
Notify Students
Once you have edited the quiz, you can notify the students in your course that the quiz has changed by selecting the Notify users this quiz has changed checkbox. The notification will be sent to any students who have enabled the Course Content option in their notification settings, including students who have already completed the quiz. 
Note: If you change the due date of the quiz, students who have enabled the Due Date option in their notification settings receive a notification, regardless of whether you select the quiz change notification checkbox.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button.
Save It Now
If you exit the quiz without saving, Canvas will display a message indicating you have made changes to the questions in the quiz that cannot be viewed by students. To ensure students are seeing the most current version of the quiz, click the Save It Now button.
Moderate This Quiz
You can also moderate the quiz to grant students extra attempts, grant extra time for timed quizzes, and manually unlock quiz attempts. To moderate the quiz, click the Moderate This Quiz link.What is a Centralized Canvas Consortium
Roles and Permissions 
Roles and permissions are inherited from the parent account to the child account in centrally managed consortiums.
- Permission overrides are available in the child account unless they are locked.
- Permissions can be locked at the parent account level and the child account can view but not override the permission.
Note: Child accounts can override unlocked permissions.
Account Settings Inheritance 
The following are how child accounts inherit parent account settings.
- Child accounts inherit parent account settings.
- Child accounts inherit certain parent account settings, however, the child account does not have visibility or control to change the settings.
- Child accounts can view locked settings but cannot change the locked settings.
- Child accounts can view and modify unlocked settings.
Intergrations 
In Child Account Settings, the Integrations tab is not displayed. The Integrations tab is only displayed in the parent account settings and all settings are inherited.
Notifications 
Notifications do not display in child accounts. All notification settings are inherited from the parent account.
Themes Inheritance
The following are how child accounts inherit parent account themes.
- Child accounts inherit theme settings and configurations.
- Parent accounts can lock child accounts from editing themes.
- Child accounts settings are inherited from the parent account but are not visible. 
- Child accounts can use the parent account theme by clicking the Default Theme option.
- Child accounts can create a new theme based on the parent account theme configuration.
Developer Keys
Edits to developer keys in parent accounts automatically sync in child accounts for centrally managed Consortium accounts.
Current Limitations of Centralized Consortiums
The following features are not inherited by child accounts.
- EduApp tokens
- Grading periods
- Grading schemes
- LTI tool configurations
- Outcomes
- Quiz item banks
- Quiz questions
- Quotas
- Rubrics
- TermsHow do I use the Terms page in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Terms
In Account Navigation, click the Terms link.
Add Term
To add a new term, click the Add New Term link.
View Terms
The Terms page displays all terms that have been created in your account. Terms can be created manually or via SIS Import.
To search for a term, enter the term name in the Search by term name field and click the Search button.
View Term Details
For each term, you can view all the details created in that term. 
You can view the name of the term, the term SIS ID (if applicable), the grading period set associated with the term (if applicable), and the number of courses within the term.
You can also view the term dates and specific user role access dates.
View Custom User Dates
If specific user access dates have been added for the term, you can view the dates within each user role.
Note: SIS imports cannot specify specific dates for each user group. Those dates must be changed manually.
Manage Terms
To edit a term, click the Edit icon. To delete a term, click the Delete icon.
Note: You cannot delete a term that contains courses.How do I compare the course average data table with an assignment, section, or student filter in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
Click the Course Grade tab.
View Data Table
Click the Chart Options icon and click the Data Table option.
Filter Data
Click the Filter field. Type the name of a section, student, or assignment. Canvas will populate all matching results. 
When the item displays in the menu, click the item name.
You can also click the Filter field and use the scroll to locate and select a section, student, or assignment. 
View Additional Filters
To add another filter, locate the additional filter. The Filter field supports up to three filters. The All Sections filter cannot be removed.
Filter by Assignment
By default, analytics selects all assignment types to display within the page. Each assignment in the table displays the results for each selected assignment type. 
To view additional assignments within the filtered results, scroll within the table.
To filter by assignment type, remove the checkbox next to the assignment type. The table dynamically updates the results based on the assignment type selected or removed in the filter.
Note: At least one assignment type is required at all times.
View Filtered Results
The added filter displays in the analytics results. Each filter is identified by a specific color.
Each filter and color are displayed on the side of the table. Each filter displays its data on a single row.
When viewing filters, the default shape for each color is a circle, but you can choose to enable shapes for improved contrast by clicking the Chart Options icon and selecting the Display Shapes option.
View Data Comparison
To view specific data for a specific result, click the data percentage in the table.
View Section Comparison
In a section comparison, details provide additional metrics for the section name, assignment name, assignment due date, average grade for the assignment, low and high grades by percentage, and number of missing and late submissions. The percentage bar includes a tooltip that displays the number of students who achieved the average grade. 
To send a message to all students in the section, click the Message icon.
When comparing sections, you can also view submissions by status: missing and late. To view the names of students within each status, click the link for the status. The card displays the student information for the submission statuses, including the names and last login date for each student.
To message these students specifically, click the Message icon.
To export the submission status list as a CSV file, click the Download link.
View Student Comparison
In a student comparison, details provide additional metrics for the students full name, last access date, overall course grade percentage, assignment name and due date, the students grade for the assignment, and the status of the assignment and submission date.
To send a message to the individual student, click the Message icon.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV file, click the Download CSV button. 
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
CSV files display a student's full name, sortable name, Canvas user ID, SIS user ID or email (if applicable), overall course grade, the percent that assignments have been on time, the last page view time, the last participation time, and the last time the student logged out.How do I generate a pairing code for an observer as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Pair with Observer
Click the Pair with Observer button.
Note: If the Pair with Observer button doesn't display in your User Settings, please contact your institution for assistance with pairing with an observer.
Copy Pairing Code
Copy the six-digit alphanumeric pairing code. You will need to share the code with the observer who will link to your account. The pairing code will expire after seven days or its first use.
To close the window, click the OK button.
Note: Pairing codes are case sensitive.How do I copy a page to another course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View All Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page Options
Locate the page you wish to copy, then click the page Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Enter the name of a course or course code in the Select a Course field. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the page.
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. Pages cannot be copied to a concluded course.
View Copy To Content Warning Message
When copying content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Select Location
If you wish, you can copy the page into a specific module and location within a course. 
Click or type a module name in the Select a Module field. Then select the module for the copied page.
To select a location within the module, click the Place drop-down menu. You can select to copy the page to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module. 
Copy Page
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when a page copies successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Page
Copied pages display on the Pages Index Page for the course into which it copied. How do I create a file link in a page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you want to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Insert Link
In the Rich Content Editor, place your cursor where you wish to insert your file. You can add links to course, group, or user files. The name of the page will appear in the Rich Content Editor and flash yellow. Then the name will turn blue, indicating it is a link.
Save Page
Click the Save button.
View Page
View the page.How do I create a Google Drive collaboration as an instructor
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Start a new collaboration button.
Authorize Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize button.
Select Type
In the Kind drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can create a Document, Spreadsheet, or Presentation.
Add Details
To create a name for the collaboration, click the Name header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the name. 
To create a description for the collaboration, click the Description header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the description. 
Add People
The collaboration defaults to the People tab. If you want to collaborate with individual people in your course, click the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. The user's name will move to the right side of the window.
Add as many users as necessary. 
Note: Collaborators must have Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
Remove Collaborators
To remove a collaborator, click the Remove icon. To remove all users, click the Remove All link.
Add Groups
You can also create collaborations with groups. To select an entire group, click the Groups tab. Select the group(s) you want to add to the collaboration.
Notes: 
You can select individual users as well as a group in a collaboration.
Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration within the group.
Submit Collaboration
Click the Submit button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.How do I publish a course as an instructor
Publish in Dashboard
Locate the Unpublished Courses section in the Dashboard.
Find the course you want to publish and click the Publish button.
Publish in Course
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link. Your courses will be organized by published courses and unpublished courses. To open an unpublished course, click the name of the course.
Publish Course
The course status displays in the Course Home Page sidebar and the Course Settings sidebar.
To publish your course, click the Publish button.
Note: On smaller screens, the sidebar may display beneath other page content. 
View Confirmation
A message will appear at the top of your screen confirming the publishing of your course.
Unpublish Course
If you need to unpublish your course, click the Unpublish button in the sidebar. Students who already received course invitations will not be able to access your course.
Once your course contains a graded submission, the course status will no longer display in the sidebar and you will no longer be able to unpublish your course. What is the Course Import Tool
When would I use the Course Import Tool?
You can use the Course Import Tool to:
Copy course content from term to term, including Announcements and Discussions. You can adjust the events and due dates to coordinate with your current term.
Select specific content you want copied. You can select individual Assignments, Pages, Files, and anything else from previous courses you or your colleagues have taught. The Course Import Tool supports keyboard navigation when selecting content to import. 
Import course materials from different Learning Management Systems. The Course Import Tool does not import user content.
Note: Importing a course more than once may have unintended consequences. If you import content into a new course, edit the content in the new course, and later import the previous content again, the imported content will override the existing content.
How do I use the Course Import Tool?
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Import Tool
Click the Import Course Content button.
Note: You can also open the Course Import Tool from Course Navigation by clicking the Home link, then clicking the Import Existing Content button. 
Choose Import Source
The Course Import Tool allows you to do any of the following:
Import all content or choose specific content to copy from another Canvas course
Import a Canvas Course Export Package (courses that were previously exported from Canvas)
Import a ZIP file of assignments, files, course content, etc. into an existing folder
Import an Angel export ZIP format 
Import a Blackboard 6/7/8/9 export ZIP file
Import a Blackboard Vista/CE, Web CT 6+ Course
Import a Common Cartridge 1.0/1.1/1.2 package
Import a Desire2Learn (D2L) export ZIP format 
Import a Moodle 1.9/2.x ZIP file
Import a QTI ZIP file
Import Content
When importing content, the tool allows you to import all content or select specific content. This feature is useful for institutions or instructors who only want to copy specific elements of a course, such as assignments or modules. 
The following behaviors currently apply to Canvas copies or imports: 
Draft State settings are retained in course imports. If an assignment is unpublished in a course when it was copied or exported, the assignment will also be unpublished in the content import. 
Mastery Paths conditional items are not retained in course imports, and paths must be re-created after the import is completed.
Copying content retains any links or files associated with the content, such as in an assignment. 
When selecting assignments only, Canvas imports all assessment items within the Assignments page (including any associated quizzes and discussions). Assignments will remain in their assignment groups if an entire assignment group or all assignments are imported.
SCORM content is included in course copies. SCORM content should only be copied within accounts that use the same key and secret configuration.
When manually copying a course, the user who copies the course will automatically be added to the course with an instructor role.
When selecting specific content and only importing a New Quiz with stimulus questions, the images associated with the stimulus question do not automatically import and need to be selected for import at the same time.
Import Limitations
The following behaviors also apply to Canvas copies or imports: 
Group sets do not copy as part of the import. Any existing group sets in the new course will be linked to the group set with the same name. However, if there are no group sets with the same name in the new course, the assignment will be linked to a new Project Groups set. 
Importing specific content from a Canvas course export package does not retain images and linked files in the content, such as in an assignment, page, or discussion. 
When selecting individual assignments, assignments are placed in an assignment group called Imported Assignments. However, assignments can be moved into other assignment groups as necessary.
Enrollment-related data, which includes course users, collaborations, conferences, groups, and sections, and feature option settings are not included in course content imports.
Announcements and Discussions do not retain the name of the user who originally created the course content. Additionally, students do not receive announcement notifications for imported announcements. However, a badge indicating a new announcement displays on the Card View and Recent Activity Dashboards.
Assignments with a manual grade posting policy and anonymous assignments retain the manual grade posting policy and their anonymous settings as part of the course import. 
Calendar item locations (e.g., office hours slots with an assigned office location) are not included in course imports.
Adjust Events and Due Dates
In addition to recreating the structure and content of the course, the Course Import Tool can adjust events and due dates to the new date ranges of the new term. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
View Current and Prior Imports
Once you have started an import, the Current Jobs menu displays the job status of any imports in process, as well as any prior import history.How do I view login and logout activity for a user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Tools link.
Open Logging
Click the Logging tab.
Select Log Type
From the log type drop-down menu, select the Login / Logout Activity option.
Search for User
Type the name of the user in the search field, then click the Find button. Click the user's name. 
Enter Date Range
Create the date range you want to search. You can enter dates in the From Date and To Date date fields, or you can use the calendar icon to select dates. Then click the Find button.
Find Logging Activity
Click the Find button.
View Logging Activity
View the login/logout activity for the user.How do I edit the default page in my ePortfolio section as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Go to ePortfolio
Click the Go to the Actual ePortfolio link to open your ePortfolio. The ePortfolio will open to the default page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button to add or change content on the default page.
Add Content
Content can be edited by using the Add Content links. You can add Rich Text Content, HTML/Embedded Content, Course Submissions, or Image/File Uploads. 
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
View your changes to the default page.How do I take a quiz in New Quizzes as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
To open a quiz, click the title of a quiz.
View Unavailable Quiz
When your enrollment has been concluded in a course, a message displays that the quiz is no longer available. 
View Quiz with Availability Dates
When a quiz is open to you during availability dates, you can view all available quiz information in addition to the specific dates the quiz is available to you. Availability dates may include a first available date (open date), last available date (locked or closed), or both dates to create an overall date range. The Due date may be before or on the last available date (if one is set).
In the example above, the quiz is available to you starting October 15 at 11 pm and is due by October 17th at 11:59 pm. However, if you were to miss the due date, you could still take the quiz until October 20th at 10:59 pm for late credit. If you do not submit the quiz by the last available date of October 20 at 10:59 pm (as indicated in your local time zone), Canvas will automatically submit the quiz on the last available date. On October 20 at 11 pm, the quiz will not be available to you.
View Quiz
From the quiz page, you can view the title, introduction, time limit, and due date. You can also view the amount of attempts allowed and previous attempts of the quiz.
If enabled by your instructor, the build on last attempt option allows you to reattempt incorrectly answered questions.
Note: If the quiz you are accessing displays differently, your instructor may have used the Classic Quizzes tool to create the quiz. Functionality may differ between these quiz types. For help with taking a quiz, please see How do I take a quiz?
Enter Access Code
If your quiz includes an access code, enter the code in the Access Code field. To display a masked access code, click the Show access code checkbox. Then click the Submit button.
Take Quiz
To begin taking a quiz, click the Begin button.
Resume Quiz
If you previously left your quiz and are still able to complete it, the page will display the Resume button.
To resume your quiz, click the Resume button.
View Quiz
Complete the quiz per your instructor’s instructions.
Your instructor may ask you to complete several types of questions. Each question will display its point value.
To pin a question to review later, click the Pin icon.
Open Question Navigator
To open the Question Navigator, click the Expandicon.
View Question Navigator
The Question Navigator allows you to easily view all questions included in a quiz. To jump to a specific question, click the question in the Question Navigator. To pin a question to review later, click the Pin icon.
Answered questions are highlighted in blue text. Unanswered questions are indicated by white text.
View Pinned Questions
All pinned questions will display in the Pinned Questions section. To view a pinned question, click the name of the question.
View Time Limit
If your quiz has a time limit, a countdown will appear on your screen. To hide the time limit, click the Hide button.
Open Calculator
Your instructor may allow you to use an on-screen calculator for the entire quiz or only for certain questions. To open the on-screen calculator, click the Calculator icon.
Note: If the Calculator icon doesn't display on the question, your instructor has not enabled calculators.
Use Calculator
Your instructor may enable a basic calculator or a scientific calculator. To use the calculator, click the number and function buttons or type numbers and functions using your keyboard.
To clear a calculation, click the Clear button.
View your calculation and results in the results field
Close the calculator by clicking the Close button. Calculations are saved if you close the calculator window.
To move the calculator around the browser window, click and drag the calculator header.
The scientific calculator includes additional buttons for more advanced functionality.
Click the Rad/Deg toggle to switch between Radian and Degree mode.
Submit Quiz
To submit your quiz, click the Submit button. To return to Canvas and resume your quiz at a later time, click the Return button.
Confirm Submission
To confirm submission of your quiz, click the Submit button. To continue working on your quiz, click the Cancel button. If you have unanswered questions in your quiz, Canvas will display a message notifying you of unanswered questions.How do I link an Edu App Center allow list to Canvas as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link. 
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
Manage App List
Click the Manage App List button.
Enter API Token
In the Access Token field, enter the API Token from your Edu App Center organization.
Click the Save button.
View Apps
View the list of approved apps from your allow list.
Note: If you enter an invalid access token, no apps display.How do I add captions to new or uploaded videos in the Rich Content Editor in Canvas as a student
Open Video Options
Click your newly recorded media or uploaded media. Then click the Video Options link. 
Select Language and File
To specify the language for your captions, click the Closed Captions/Subtitles drop-down menu.
To attach your caption file, click the Choose caption file button. You can upload SRT or VTT files.
Open File
Select your caption file, then click the Open button. 
View Selected File
View your caption file. 
To attach additional caption files, click the Add button. 
When finished adding media and caption files, click the Done button.
Note: If the video has been copied from another course and includes captions, a tooltip displays noting that inherited captions cannot be edited.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Media with Captions
View captions.
Note: Videos that are embedded as extra large size or larger with captions display a Captions icon.How do I view the Online Attendance report in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Attendance
Click the Online Attendance tab.
View Online Attendance Report
By default, the Online Attendance report displays attendance data for the current week.
The data table displays the name of each student, their section, the number of days they haven't met online attendance criteria, and their attendance status for each day.
If a student has met online attendance criteria for a given date, the date displays a Checkmark icon. If a student has not met online attendance criteria for a given date, the date displays an X icon.
Filter Table by Date
The Online Attendance table can display data for a week or a day. To manage what displays in the table, click the Date drop-down menu and select the Week option or Day option.
To move to the previous week or date, click the Previous button. To move to the next week or date, click the Next button.
Filter Table by Section or Student
You can also filter the Online Attendance table data to display specific students or course sections.
To search for student or section, enter a name in the Add a Section, Student field or click the drop-down menu.
Selected students or sections display in the search field. You can select a maximum of three students and/or sections to filter the Online Attendance table data. To remove a student or section filter, click the Remove icon.
Select Class Days
To select which days of the week attendance data is recorded for students, click the Class Days drop-down menu.
To select your class dates, click the Class Meet Days buttons. Then click the Done button.
View Table
Any day of the week that is not selected as a class day displays as shaded in the Online Attendance table. The Days Not Met column displays Online Attendance totals for class days..
The Checkmark and X icons still display in dates that are not designated as class dates to indicate if students met attendance criteria on those dates.
Filter Table by Criteria Status
To filter the Online Attendance table by criteria status, click the Filter drop-down menu.
To show all students, select the Show All option. To show students who have not met criteria for every class day, select the Criteria Not Met option. To show students who have met criteria for every class date, select the Criteria Met option.
View Criteria Settings
To view criteria settings managed by your institution, click the Settings button.
If your institution allows you to set attendance criteria at the course level, you can enable or disable the Online Attendance dashboard in New Analytics for each of your courses.
You can also select your own criteria. Criterion that count toward online attendance display a checkmark icon. Criterion that do not count toward online attendance display an empty checkbox.
Click the Save Settings button.
View Locked Criteria Settings
To view criteria settings managed by your institution, click the Settings button.
Online attendance criteria are locked and can only be managed by your institution.How do I use the Inbox as an observer
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
If the Inbox link includes a numbered indicator, the indicator shows how many unread messages you have in your Inbox. Once you read the new messages, the indicator will disappear.
View Toolbar
The toolbar includes global message options. To load conversations, filter your messages by course or group and type.
You can also search for conversations by user in the Search by userfield.
Filtering by type lets you filter messages by Inbox, Unread, Starred, Sent, Archived, and Submission Comments. You can compose a messageat any time using the Compose button.
Once you have selected a conversation, you can use the other options in the toolbar to:
Reply to a conversation
Reply-all to a conversation
Archive a conversation
Delete a conversation
You can also use the More Options icon to forward, mark a conversation as read or unread, and star conversations.
View Inbox Panels
Conversations for your selected course and Inbox filter appear in the left Inbox panel. 
View Conversations
The Inbox is organized chronologically from newest to oldest with the newest conversations appearing on top and the older conversations at the bottom.
You can manually mark a conversation as read or unread by hovering over the conversation and clicking the circle to the left of the conversation. To star a conversation, hover over the conversation and click the star to the right of the conversation. 
View Conversation Thread
When you select a conversation, all messages in the conversations thread appear in the right Inbox panel. 
View Message Details
The conversation thread displays the title of the conversation. 
Each message within a conversation displays the names of the message participants, with the name of the sender in bold. 
You can view the course name, the author's personal pronouns (if enabled), and the date and time the message was sent.
You can also view the message content.
To de-select a conversation, click the Return icon.
Manage Conversation Thread
Within each conversation thread, you can reply, reply-all, forward, archive, star, or delete the entire conversation thread.
To reply to the latest message in a conversation, click the Reply icon.
To reply-all, forward, archive, star, or delete the entire conversation thread, click the More Options icon. Then click one of the options.
Manage Individual Message
You can manage an individual message within a conversation. To reply to a message within a conversation, click the Reply icon.
To reply-all, forward, or delete a message within a conversation thread, click the More Options icon. Then click one of the options. 
Select Multiple Conversations
To select multiple conversations to archive, delete, mark as read, mark as unread, or star, click the checkbox for each message. Then click the Inbox toolbar More Options icon, and select an option.
Note: To select or deselect conversations, you can also press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select or deselect. How do I edit and remove hyperlinks in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor to create or edit an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Edit Link
Click the link in the Rich Content Editor. Then click the Link Options link. 
You can also click the Link Options arrow and select the Edit Link option.
Note: To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
View Link Options
In the Link Options menu, you can edit the hyperlinked text in the Text field. You can edit the URL in the Link field. 
To save your changes, click the Done button. 
Note: When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab.
Remove Link
To remove a link, click the Link Options arrow and select the Remove Link option. 
Remove Multiple Links
To remove multiple links, highlight the text that contains the links you want to remove. Then click the Link Options arrow and select the Remove Links option.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.How do I set a Front Page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View All Pages
If a front page has been selected previously, it will display. 
To view a list of all course pages, click the View All Pages button. 
Set Front Page in Pages List
Locate your published page that you want to set as your Front Page. Click the Options icon and select the Use as Front Page link.
View Front Page
The Front Page will be indicated by a gray Front Page tag.
You can change the Front Page to any other page in the course by selecting the page Options icon.
Set Front Page in Individual Page
You can also set a page as the Front Page from any individual page in your course. Click the name of any published page that you want to set as your front page.
Use as Front Page
Click the Options icon and select the Use as Front Page link.
Remove Front Page
To remove the Front Page, locate the page labeled with a Front Page tag. Click the Options icon and select the Remove as Front Page option.How do I create outcome groups for an account in Improved Outcomes Management as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
View Outcome Groups
You can create an outcome group within your account. You can nest outcome groups within other groups for improved organization.
To view outcome groups nested within other groups, click the name of an outcome group.
To create a new group, click the Create New Group link.
Create Outcome Group
To create a new outcome group, enter a group name in the Group Name field. Then click the Confirm button.
To reset the Group Name field, click the Clear button.How do I answer each type of question in a quiz as a student
Essay Question
To answer an essay question, click the text box and type your content in the Rich Content Editor. You can use the editor to format your content. The Rich Content Editor also includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box
Note: Essay questions can also be used for mathematical questions that require the LaTex equation editor. To insert a mathematical equation, click the Options icon and click the Equation icon.
File Upload Question
To answer a file upload question, click the Choose a File button. Canvas will open a file dialog box where you can locate the file on your computer. Select the file and it will be uploaded as your answer. Canvas will confirm that your file has been uploaded. You can also remove your file by clicking the remove icon and submit a new file.
Fill-in-the-Blank Question
To answer a fill-in-the-blank question, click the text box and type your answer.
Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks Question
To answer a fill-in-multiple-blanks question, click the first text box and type your first answer. Click the second text box and type your second answer. Continue this process until you have answered the question.
Formula Question
To answer a formula question, click the text box and type your answer. 
Matching Question
To answer a matching question, click the drop-down menu and select your answer. Continue until you have matched all the options.
Multiple Answers Question
To answer a multiple answer question, click the check boxes next to all the applicable answers.
Multiple Choice Question
To answer a multiple choice question, click the radio button next to the answer.
Multiple Dropdowns Question
To answer a multiple drop-down question, click the the drop-down menu and select your answer. Continue until you have answered all parts of the question.
Numerical Answer Question
To answer a numerical question, click the text box and type your answer.
True/False Question
To answer a true/false question, click the radio button next to the answer.How do I assign an assignment to a course group as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Select Group Assignment
Click the This is a Group Assignment checkbox.
Assign Grades Individually
You can choose to assign grades to students individually by selecting the Assign grades to each student individually checkbox. 
If this box is left unchecked, all the students in the group will receive the same grade.
Select Group Set
To select an existing group set, click the Group Set drop-down menu. To create a new group set, click the New Group Category button.
Note: Groups created by students cannot be used for Group Assignments and do not appear in the drop-down menu. 
Require Peer Reviews
Peer reviews can be used with group assignments. If you want to assign peer reviews, click the Require Peer Reviews checkbox.
Assign Different Dates for Groups
By default, the assignment is assigned to everyone in your course. To add different due and availability dates for specific groups or users in your course, click the Add button. 
Then start to type part of the group name in the new Assign to field. Click the group's name when it appears. Lists are not scrollable.
You can include more than one group in the Assign to field as long as the groups are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Assign to Group Only
To create an assignment that is only for a specific group in the group set, click the Remove icon next to the Everyone label.
Start to type the name of a group in the Assign to field. Click the group's name when it appears.
Note: Students can only view the assignment if they are a member of an assigned group, an assigned user, or if you assign to Everyone or to Everyone Else. Otherwise, the assignment does not appear in the student's Assignments page. You cannot grade students who have not been included in the assignment, and assignments that are not assigned to a student are not factored into overall grades. 
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the assignment is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the assignment will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the assignment will no longer be available.
Note: Beneath the Due Date and Availability date fields, Canvas displays the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for an assignment, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
Even when you aren't adding sections, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any other sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if everyone in the course or all course sections are assigned.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the assignment, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the assignment before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the assignment again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the assignment against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the assignment date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Assignment Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the assignment.
View Assignments Page
On the Assignments Index Page, the assignment displays. If there are multiple users and dates assigned to the assignment, you can hover over the text to view date availability.
On their Assignments page, students can view their group assignments along with all other assignments. 
Students can learn more about using groups as a student and submitting assignments on behalf of the group.How do I send a message to all students based on specific course criteria in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
To view course grade analytics, click the Course Grade tab.
Message Students Who
Message recipients are automatically populated based on selected criterion as well as any applied filters. 
If you want to filter analytics for a specific assignment, section, or student, search for and select the intended filter in the Filter field. Then click the Message icon.
Select Criteria
The Message Students Who window defaults to the Score Range criterion, which allows you to message students based on a specific current grade percentage range in the course. 
The Range field determines the specified percentage range, and the BCC field displays the number of students who fall within the specified range. By default, the Range field displays 0 to 100%, so the BCC field includes all students in the course. Additionally, any filters in the analytics page automatically display as an intended recipient for the message. If no filters have been applied, the message displays as being sent to all sections.
To select a new range, enter the minimum and maximum current grade percentage in the percentage fields. The BCC field displays the updated number of students and/or sections who have grade percentages within the specified range.
The Missing and Late criteria options do not include any additional criterion. Selected students are based on submission status, and the number of affected students displays in the BCC field. Again, any filters included in the analytics page also display as intended recipients.
Note: When you message students who are missing an assignment, New Analytics only shows students if the assignment due date has already passed.
Verify Recipients
For any criterion, you can manage the users who will be sent the message, if needed. Click the link that includes the number of students, then view the expanded BCC field.
To remove a student from the message, click the student's Remove icon.
To reset student names back to the originally specified list, click the Reset Names link.
Send Message
In the Subject field, enter a subject for your message.
In the Message field, enter the description of your message.
Click the Send button.Where can I find my peers' feedback for peer reviewed assignments
View Recent Feedback
Under Recent Feedback in the sidebar of your Canvas course, you can view recent comments from peer reviewed assignments. Click the title of the assignment to view all submission details and comments. 
View Submission Details Page
You can view the comment directly in the submission details page.
If your assignment is compatible with the Canvas annotations tool, Canvas DocViewer, your peers may also have left feedback directly in the assignment. To view their comments, click the View Feedback link. This is the same link where you may be able to view feedback from your instructor.
Notes:
When assignment grades are hidden, you can view peer review comments. However, instructor comments are hidden until after assignment are posted.
When peer reviews are anonymous, you can leave submission and rubric comments, but annotated submission comments are not supported.
For group assignments, you will see peer review comments for all reviews of your group's submission.
View Rubric
If your assignment includes a rubric, you can view peer review rubric assessments.
To view the rubric assessment, click the Show Rubric link.
View the peer review rubric assessment, including ratings and comments.
If your assignment was reviewed by multiple people, click the Show Assessment By drop-down menu to select other rubric assessments.
View Assignment Page
You can also view your peers' feedback on the individual assignment page. All comments from your peers will appear in the Submission box.
Note: Peer review feedback only displays on the assignment page for assignments that require an online submission.
View Grades
The comment can also be viewed on your Grades page. Using function keys on my Chromebook
Use Keyboard Shortcuts to Access Function Keys
You can use keyboard shortcuts to access function keys. 
To temporarily use top-row keys as function keys on your Chromebook, press and hold the Search/Launcher key. Then press the key which corresponds to the function key you'd like to use. 
To use an F1-F9 function, press the Search/Launcher + 1-9 keys. 
To use F10, press the Search/Launcher + 0 keys. 
To use F11, press the Search/Launcher + hyphen(-) keys. 
To use F12, press the Search/Launcher + plus(+) keys.
To view more Chromebook keyboard shortcuts, press Ctrl + Alt + /.
Enable Top Row Keys as Function Keys Setting
You can choose to enable the Treat Top-Row Keys as Function Keys setting to use top-row keys as function keys without using the Search/Launcher key. If this setting is enabled, top-row keys will act as function keys until the setting is disabled. 
Open Settings
To open Chromebook settings, click the Quick Settings Panel. Then click the Settings icon.
Open Keyboard Settings
In the sidebar, click the Device link. Then click the Keyboard link. 
Enable Function Keys
To use the top row keys on your keyboard as function keys, enable the Treat Top-Row Keys as Function Keys toggle. 
Note: This setting will stay enabled until disabled. How do I embed media in a page in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you want to view.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Open Insert Media Tool
Click the Media icon. You can upload and embed media files from your computer, external sources, or Canvas.
Note: Media will be inserted at the location of your cursor in the Rich Content Editor.
Preview Media
Preview your media in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
To save changes to the page, click the Save button.Moderate Quiz
Moderate Quiz
In New Quizzes, click the Moderate tab.
Open Moderation Settings
Find the student you want to moderate. Then click the Moderate button.
Reopen Quiz
To reopen the student's most recent quiz attempt, click the Reopen button.
Accept Message
A warning message displays to inform you that the student can resume their quiz attempt from its previous position. To accept and reopen the quiz, click the Reopen button.
Manage Attempts
The Moderate panel displays the number of allowed attempts per the assessment settings.
To give the student additional attempts for the quiz, type a number or use the arrow buttons in the Additional Attempts field.
Adjust Timer Settings
To adjust the timer settings for the student, select an option in the Time adjustmentsdrop-down menu.
Add Additional Time
To add additional time to the quiz attempt, select the Give additional time option. Then select the amount of time. Time units can be set to minutes or hours.
Remove Time Limit
To remove the time limit from the attempt, select the Remove time limit (unlimited) option.
View Timer Adjustments
View the moderation timer settings in the Accommodations column. This column displays the cumulative effect of course-level accommodations and moderation timer settings.
Manually Submit In-Progress Attempts
If students are currently taking a quiz, the Moderate page displays the number of in-progress attempts. To manually submit in-progress attempts, click the attempts link.
Submit Attempts
Students with in-progress quiz attempts display in the Students list. By default, you can manually submit quizzes for all students in the list. If you do not want to manually submit a student's quiz, deselect the checkbox for the student.
To manually submit the quiz for the selected students, click the Submit Manually button.How do I organize multiple students in my account as an observer
Here are some tips and tricks for organizing multiple students:
After setting up your account, connect and link your account to your student(s).
Have your student(s) generate a pairing code and repeat the process for each student. 
You may want to adjust the nickname for each course. You can name the courses for each student (e.g. Bruce - History 101).
You may want to change the color on the course cards. For example, one student's course cards are red, one student's course cards are blue, and one student's course cards are purple. 
You may want to use the Canvas Parent App for Android or iOS. The Canvas Parent App is available to download for Android and iOS. You are able to keep each student's courses separate. You can also create notifications and assignment reminders in the app. 
Note: The app does not have all the features as the web version of Canvas and your school may not have the app available for observers to use.How do I add contact methods to receive Canvas notifications as an observer
Open Account Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
Add Ways to Contact
The Sidebar displays the default email associated with your account. You can manage your default email address.
To add an additional email address, click the Add Email Address link. 
View Communication Warnings
Canvas does not send notifications to communication channels that have bounced, which means the channel can no longer attempt to generate or send a notification. Bounces can occur from invalid addresses (caused by address typos, changed addresses, etc.) or blocked servers.
Your Account Settings page may display the following icons indicating the contact method status:
Warning: indicates a bounced contact method. To correct the error, you can remove then re-add the contact method to your profile.
Check Mark: indicates an unconfirmed email address.
To delete a contact method, click the Delete icon. 
Link to Web Services
The Web Services section displays two columns. View services you have already registered, such as services verified in your contact methods or through course Collaborations, under Registered Services. Other services available for registration appear under Other Services. 
Learn how to add web services in Canvas.
View Approved Integrations
When you allow third-party integrations to access your account, the Approved Integrations section displays the authorized integrations. Each integration shows you the name of the app, the purpose (if one is noted), the date the app was last used, the date the app expires, and a link to view further details. How do I customize my Courses list as an instructor
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Manage Courses
To favorite a course, click the star next to a course. Courses with filled stars show the course is a favorite.
In the Dashboard, any courses you have with an instructor role will be listed first, followed by TA roles and any other custom instructor-based roles. Your courses with student roles are listed last.
Note: When you favorite at least one course, the Dashboard will only display favorited courses. Canvas will also continue to automatically favorite new course enrollments.
View Unpublished Courses
Unpublished courses can be identified by a gray background and the Published column. You can favorite unpublished courses.
View Past Enrollments
Depending on course configuration, you may still be able to view concluded courses under the Past Enrollments heading. However, favorite courses are not automatically removed as favorites when courses conclude. If a past enrollment course still shows as a favorite, you can unfavorite the course by clicking the star icon.How do I add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as a student
00:00:How do I add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as a student?
00:05:When creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, or page, the Rich Content Editor opens by default. You can add and format content using the menubar or toolbar.
00:18:The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
00:37:You can view the total word count. To view the total word count, characters, and characters excluding spaces, click the Word Count link.
00:47:You can also resize the editor window or open the editor in fullscreen view.
00:52:Type or paste copied text into the Rich Content Editor.
00:56:To remove text formatting, select the text, then click the Clear Formatting icon.
01:02:Select the text you wish to modify. Then click the Paragraph drop-down menu, and select the text style you want to use.
01:10:You can choose from 8, 10, 12, 14, 18, 24, or 36pt sized fonts.
01:20:Click here
01:23:Choose from Heading 2, Heading 3, Heading 4, Preformatted, and Paragraph styles.
01:31:To create single spacing in the Rich Content Editor, press Shift+Enter (on a PC keyboard) or Shift+Return (on a Mac keyboard). This creates a line break instead of a paragraph break.
01:45:To format text emphasis, select the text you wish to format
01:50:To bold the selected text, click the Bold icon, or press Command+B (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+B (PC keyboard).
02:01:To italicize the selected text, click the Italic icon, or press Command+I (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+I (PC keyboard).
02:13:To underline the selected text, click the Underline icon, or press Command+U (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+U (PC keyboard).
02:24:When selected text is formatted, an arrow displays above the selected option.
02:30:Select the text you wish to color. To change the color of the text, click the Text Color icon.
02:37:To highlight the text, click the Background Color icon.
02:41:Select a color from the color drop-down menu. You can view the color name by hovering your mouse over the color tile.
02:48:To remove color formatting, click the Remove Color icon.
02:52:To select a custom color for the text, click the Custom Color icon
02:57:Use the color picker palette to select a color tone and hue. You can also enter RGB color codes or enter a HEX color code. View your custom color in the color display window.
03:09:To apply the color to your text, click the Save button.
03:13:You can format your text to appear as superscript or subscript. Select the text you wish to modify. Click the Superscript icon.
03:22:To format your text as superscript, select the Superscript option. from the dropdown menu. To format your text as subscript, select the Subscript option.
03:33:To align text, place the cursor in front of the text you wish to align, then click the Alignment icon.
03:40:From the drop-down menu you can select to align the text to the Left, Center, and Right.
03:46:To indent text, click the Indent icon.
03:50:f your text is indented, you can outdent your text. To outdent your text, click the Indent Arrow icon and click the Outdent option. You can click the Indent and Outdent options multiple times to increase or decrease the text indentation.
04:06:To align the direction of your text, click the Format link in the menubar.
04:11:then select the Directionality option. You can align your text from Left to Right and from Right to Left.
04:18:Select the text you wish to include in your list, then click the List icon.
04:23:You can select a bulleted list style, or a numeric or alphabetic list style.
04:29:If you reload or navigate away from a page while editing content in the Rich Content Editor, Canvas automatically saves your content in the browser cache for up to one day. When you reload the page or navigate back to the page you were editing, Canvas displays a message indicating that auto-saved content exists. You can preview the content, discard the content, or load the content into the Rich Content Editor.
04:54:To preview content auto-saved by Canvas, click the Preview button.
04:59:To load the auto-saved content into the Rich Content Editor, click the Yes button. To discard the auto-saved changes, click the No button.
05:08:Click the Reply or Save button.
05:11:View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.
05:15:This guide shows how to add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as a student.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, or page, the Rich Content Editor opens by default.
You can add and format content using the menubar or toolbar.
Open Keyboard Shortcuts
The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Word Count
You can view the total word count. To view the total word count, characters, and characters excluding spaces, click the Word Count link.
Resize Editor Window
You can also resize the editor window or open the editor in fullscreen view. 
Enter Text
Type or paste copied text into the Rich Content Editor. 
Remove Text Formatting
To remove text formatting, select the text, then click the Clear Formatting icon.
Note: To view the Clear Formatting icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Change Font Size
Select the text you wish to modify. Then click the Font Size drop-down menu, and select the font size you want to use. You can choose from 8, 10, 12, 14, 18, 24, or 36pt sized fonts.
Change Text Style
Select the text you wish to modify. Then click the Paragraph drop-down menu, and select the text style you want to use. Choose from Heading 2, Heading 3, Heading 4, Preformatted, and Paragraph styles.
Note: By default, the primary heading for the announcement, assignment, discussion, page, or quiz is the same as the title or name you enter when creating the item.
Single Space Text
To create single spacing in the Rich Content Editor, press Shift+Enter (on a PC keyboard) or Shift+Return (on a Mac keyboard). This creates a line break instead of a paragraph break.
Format Text Emphasis
Select the text you wish to format. 
To bold the selected text, click the Bold icon, or press Command+B (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+B (PC keyboard). 
To italicize the selected text, click the Italic icon, or press Command+I (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+I (PC keyboard). 
To underline the selected text, click the Underline icon, or press Command+U (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+U (PC keyboard). 
When selected text is formatted, an arrow displays above the selected option.
Color and Highlight Text
Select the text you wish to color. 
To change the color of the text, click the Text Color icon. 
To highlight the text, click the Background Color icon  
Select a color from the color drop-down menu. You can view the color name by hovering your mouse over the color tile. 
To remove color formatting, click the Remove Color icon.
To select a custom color for the text, click the Custom Color icon. 
Select Custom Color
Use the color picker palette to select a color tone and hue. You can also enter RGB color codes or enter a HEX color code. View your custom color in the color display window. 
To apply the color to your text, click the Save button. 
Superscript and Subscript Text
You can format your text to appear as superscript or subscript. Select the text you wish to modify. 
Click the Superscript icon. To format your text as superscript, select the Superscript option from the dropdown menu. To format your text as subscript, select the Subscript option. 
Align Text
To align text, place the cursor in front of the text you wish to align, then click the Alignment icon. From the drop-down menu you can select to align the text to the Left, Center, and Right.
Note: To view the Alignment icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Increase or Decrease Indent Text
To indent text, click the Indent icon. 
If your text is indented, you can decrease your idented text. To decrease your indented text, click the Increase Indent icon and click the Decrease Ident option. 
You can click the Increase Indent and Decrease Ident options multiple times to increase or decrease the text indentation.
Note: To view the Indent icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Align Directional Text
To align the direction of your text, click the Format link in the menubar, then select the Directionality option. You can align your text from Left to Right and from Right to Left.
Create Bulleted or Numbered List
Select the text you wish to include in your list, then click the List icon. You can select a bulleted list style, or a numeric or alphabetic list style.
Note: To view the List icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Bulleted List
View the bulleted list.
View Numbered List
View the numbered list.
Find and Replace Content
In the Tools menu, click the Find and Replace option. You can also press Command+F (on a Mac keyboard) or Control+F (on a PC keyboard).
In the Find and Replace modal, enter the content to replace in the Find field. In the Replace with field, enter the desired replacement content. 
To replace all content at once, click the Replace All button.
To replace individual content, click the Replace button. 
If there is multiple content to replace, you can scroll through each individual item by clicking the Previous button and Next button.
View Auto-Saved Content
If you reload or navigate away from a page while editing content in the Rich Content Editor, Canvas automatically saves your content in the browser cache for up to one day. When you reload the page or navigate back to the page you were editing, Canvas displays a message indicating that auto-saved content exists. You can preview the content, discard the content, or load the content into the Rich Content Editor.
Notes:
Auto-saved content is not a guaranteed feature and may not save content in certain situations.
The amount of local storage available may vary depending on which browser you use.
Auto-saved content is only available on pages that only include one Rich Content Editor window.
Auto-saved content is only available in the same browser and computer you were using when you created the original content.
Preview Auto-Saved Content
To preview content auto-saved by Canvas, click the Preview button.
Load Auto-Saved Content
To load the auto-saved content into the Rich Content Editor, click the Yes button. To discard the auto-saved changes, click the No button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I grade a New Quizzes quiz question one at a time in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open SpeedGrader
Find the quiz you want to grade. Then click any grade cell for the quiz. 
To open the Grade Detail Tray, click the Grade Detail Tray icon. Then click the SpeedGrader link in the Grade Detail Tray.
Open SpeedGrader Options
To enable grading by one question at a time, click the SpeedGrader Settings icon and click the Options link.
Select Grade by Question
Click theGrade by question checkbox. Then click the Save Settings button.
View Number Bar
When grading by one quiz question at a time enabled, Canvas displays a number bar next to the quiz view panel to represent each question in your quiz.
Numbers with an indicator represent questions that need to be graded manually. Canvas also displays a notification bar with the quiz questions that need to be manually reviewed and assigned a grade.
Assign Grade
Questions that require manual grading display a border and Waiting for grade text.
To leave additional comments on the question, click the Comment icon. To give a student full points for an answer, click the Correct button. To give a student no points for an answer, click the Incorrect button. You can also use the Arrow buttons to increase or decrease the score.
To save the score for the question, click the Update button.
Advance to Next Student
To grade a student submission for the same question, click the Next Student button. 
To go to a previous student, click the Previous Student button
Note: SpeedGrader displays the same quiz question for the next student.How do I duplicate an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Duplicate Assignment
Locate the assignment you want to duplicate and click the Options icon. Click the Duplicate link.
View Duplicate
View the assignment duplicate in your course.
Note: If applicable to your course, the Assignments page displays any Blueprint Course or Sync to SIS icons after the page is refreshed.How do I copy a module to another course as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Open Module Options
Locate the module you wish to copy and click the Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Enter the course code or course name in the Select a Course drop-down menu. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the module.
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. Modules cannot be copied to a concluded course.
View Copy To Warning Message
When copying content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Copy Module
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when a module copies successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Module
The copied module displays on the Modules Index Page for the course into which it copied.How do I know if I can retake a quiz in New Quizzes as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
To open a quiz, click the title of the quiz.
View Attempts
View the number of attempts you have taken. To retake a quiz, click the Begin button.
Note: If the quiz displays differently, your instructor may have used the Classic Quizzes tool to create the quiz. For help retaking a classic quiz, see How do I know if I can retake a quiz?
If you have no attempts remaining, a warning message will appear on the quiz page.How do I set up multi-factor authentication for my user account as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Set Up Multi-Factor Authentication
Click the Set Up Multi-Factor Authentication button.
Verify via Authenticator App
To verify multi-factor authentication a time-based one-time password (TOTP) authenticator app on iPhone or Android (ex: Google Authenticator, Microsoft Authenticator, Authy), download the app for your device. 
Use the app to scan and generate the QR code. Enter the code in the Verification Code field.
If you want multi-factor authentication to remember the computer you are using to log in to Canvas, click the Remember this computer checkbox.
Click the Verify button.
Verify via Text Message
To verify multi-factor authentication via text message, enter your phone number and select your carrier. This is the number where your multi-factor verification code will be sent.
Once you have set up your new phone number, or selected an existing phone number, click the Send button. Your mobile device will receive a verification code. Enter the code in the Verification Code field.
If you want multi-factor authentication to remember the computer you are using to log in to Canvas, click the Remember this computer checkbox.
Click the Verify button.
Manage Multi-Factor Authentication
Once multi-factor authentication is enabled, your User Settings page may display additional options to manage your authentication.
You can choose to create multi-factor authentication codes to use as backup in case your authentication device is not available. This option is available to all users with multi-factor authentication.
If multi-factor authentication is optional for your account, you can also choose to reconfigure authentication or disable authentication. How do I edit a group set in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Edit Group Set
In the group set, click the Options menu, then click the Edit link.
Save Group Set
Make edits as necessary to your group set. When you are finished, click the Save button. How do I preview a page in my ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the page you want to edit.
Edit This Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Preview Page
Click the Preview button.
Save Page
You can save the changes you made by clicking the Save Page button. If you would like to continue making changes, click the Keep Editing button.How do I copy an assignment to another course as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment Options
Locate the assignment you wish to copy, then click the assignment Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Enter the name of a course or course code in the Select a Course field. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the assignment. 
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. Assignments cannot be copied to a concluded course.
Select Location
If you wish, you can copy the assignment into a specific module and location within a course. 
Click or type a module name in the Select a Module field. Then select the module for the copied assignment.
To select a location within the module, click the Place drop-down menu. You can select to copy the assignment to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module. 
View Copy To Content Warning Message
When copying content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Copy Assignment
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when an assignment copies successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Assignment
Copied assignments display on the Assignments Index Page in the Imported Assignments group for the course into which it copied.Open User Settings
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
View Email Addresses
In the Ways to Contact sidebar, under Email Addresses, you can tell what email address is your default by the star icon next to the email address. 
Choose Default Email Address
To choose a new default email address, hover over the email address and a faint star icon will appear. Click the star icon. What are Discussions
Focused Discussions
Focused discussions are relatively short-lived interactions that tend to disappear as the course progresses, such as a weekly forum for questions related to that week's activities. 
Use a focused discussion for single posts and related comments. One discussion leader typically posts a message and multiple learners comment on it. Participants may leave a side comment to a reply, but cannot develop the conversation beyond two layers of nesting. 
Focused discussions might also be used to:
answer a single question
share resources amongst peers
collect results from a simple research activity
share solutions to a single problem
correct misconceptions
clarify course policies
get feedback on a work in progress
share insights about a single reading
Threaded Discussions
Threaded discussions include infinite layers of response nesting, allowing commenters to continue responding on a single nested thread. Threaded discussions lend themselves to the refining of complex ideas. Responses and different lines of inquiry that can be quickly navigated due to its hierarchical structure. Threaded discussions may be long-standing spaces for thoughts that persist throughout an entire course. 
Use a threaded discussion for multiple posts and related comments. One or more discussion leaders post a message and multiple learners comment on it with the freedom to create any number of related discussion topics and comments. 
Threaded Discussions might also be used to:
post and answer multiple related or unrelated questions
organize results from a complex research activity
share and iterate upon ideas shared by each student in the course
debate the pros and cons of a single issue or multiple issues
ask multiple questions of a single discussion leader
refine ideas between multiple discussion leaders and multiple learners
facilitate group discussions around multiple topics
facilitate discussions around a discussion (fishbowl conversations)
explore at length the feasibility of different solutions to a complex problem
How do I use Discussions as an Instructor?
Within Discussions you can:
Create, edit, and delete discussion topics. You can also reply to, edit, and delete individual student discussion posts.
Create threaded or focused discussions within your course. (Private discussions can be initiated within student groups, which are not viewable by others outside that group.)
Create discussions with varied due dates for different sections within your course. 
Create a group discussion as an assignment. 
Create a graded discussion for everyone, individual students, course sections, or course groups. When a discussion is marked as a graded assignment, the Canvas SpeedGrader™ isolates each student’s comments from the thread and combines them into one easily readable view for grading.
Subscribe to a discussion and be notified of replies. 
Enable podcast feeds within your discussions.
Embed or attach files, images, and YouTube videos. 
Add course content directly from your course. 
Delay discussion posts until a defined date.
Pin discussion threads that you want your students to see at the top of the Discussions page.
Note: You can also use keyboard shortcuts to navigate individual discussion threads. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
What Settings Can I Control in Discussions?
You can control certain settings within Discussions:
Tell Canvas how to mark your discussion posts as read and unread. You can also manually mark posts as read.
Require students to reply to a discussion before viewing other replies.
Allow students to edit or delete their own discussion posts.
Allow students to create new discussions and attach files in your course discussions (this setting does not apply to student groups).
Allow students to like discussion replies in your course discussions.
Close discussion threads to comments.
How do I use Discussions as a Student?
Within Discussions you can:
Create, edit, and delete discussion topics. You can also reply to individual student discussion posts.
Subscribe to a discussion and be notified of replies. 
Subscribe to podcast feeds within discussions.
Embed or attach files, images, and YouTube videos. 
Note: Your instructor may have some of these options disabled in your course.
How do I use Discussions as an Observer?
Within Discussions you can:
View your student's course discussions.
Filter your student's course discussions.
Subscribe to a discussion and be notified of replies. 
Note: Your student's teacher may have some of these options disabled in your student's course.
Discussions Redesign
If enabled by your institution, Discussions Redesign provides an enhanced experience for course discussions.
A discussion displayed in the Discussions Redesign interface includes three sections: the discussion toolbar, discussion topic, and discussion replies.
You can use the toolbar to search for replies or specific authors, filter by all replies or unread replies, sort replies by newest or oldest, and return to the top of a discussion.How do I view and manage blocked emojis for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Managed Blocked Emojis
Blocked account emojis display in the Blocked Emojis field. To block additional emojis for all account users, click the Emoji icon.
Select Emoji
To locate an emoji to block, type a keyword the Search field. To block an emoji, click the emoji.
Update Settings
To save your changes, click the Update Settings button.How do I view where an item bank is currently shared as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Notes: 
You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
You can also access Item Banks from the New Quizzes Build page.
Share Item Bank
To share an item bank or to view where an item bank is currently shared, click the Share icon.
View People
To view users with whom the item bank is currently shared, click the People tab.
You can view the number of users the item bank is shared with, the user names, and whether the user can edit or view the bank.
View Courses
To view courses where the item bank is currently shared, click the Courses tab.
You can view the number of courses the item bank is shared with, the course names, and whether the course has access to edit or view the bank.How do I view course content offline as an ePub file as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Download Course Content
Click the Download Course Content button.
Generate ePub
View the courses available as ePub exports. To generate an ePub, locate the course and click the Generate ePub link.
Download ePub
Once the export has completed, download the ePub by clicking the Download ePub link. You can upload the ePub file into any eReader for viewing.
If the course includes files that aren't supported in the ePub, click the Download Associated Files link. Associated files download in a ZIP file and contain all unsupported files, such as media files and Microsoft Office documents. 
To regenerate the ePub file, click the Regnerate ePub link.How do I mention a user in a discussion reply in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to the main discussion, click the Reply button.
Post Reply
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor.
To mention a user in your reply, type the @ symbol and select a user from the list.
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
Note: If you post your discussion response before an attached image finishes uploading, Canvas displays a warning message.
View Your Reply
View your reply with your mentioned user.
Note: If the Discussions - New Mention notification setting is enabled in the mentioned user's notification settings, the user is notified that they were mentioned.How do I view and sort discussion replies as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the Discussion.
View Discussion
In a discussion, you have several options to view and sort discussions. Use the search field to search for replies or specific authors. To filter by unread replies, click the Unread button. You can also collapse and expand all discussion replies.
To subscribe to a discussion, click the Subscribe button. Subscribing to a discussion allows you to follow the discussion and receive notifications as set in your notification settings. You are automatically subscribed to any discussions you reply to. When you create a discussion in a group—or in a course if you have permission—you are also automatically subscribed to the discussion. If you are subscribed, the button will have a green background. To unsubscribe, click the Subscribe button and the background will turn gray. 
To open options for the discussion, click the Options button. Options allows you to mark all existing posts (replies) as read. If your discussion is graded, you can view the rubric for the discussion, if any. 
You can view how many unread and replies are in a thread. The number on the left indicates unread replies, while the number on the right indicates the total number of replies.
View Graded Discussion
If your discussion is a graded discussion, you can view the discussion the same way as regular discussions. However, you can view the number of points the discussion is worth, and if there is a due date. The Options button will show the rubric for the graded discussion, if any.
View Group Discussion
If a discussion is a group discussion, you'll be redirected to Discussions for the appropriate group.
View Replies
Discussion replies are shown in order of post date. In discussion replies, the unread icon indicates the reply is new and unread. The read icon indicates a reply is read. When you navigate away from the Discussion or refresh the page, Canvas automatically marks the replies as read. After Canvas has changed the reply status, you can manually mark discussion replies as read or unread at any time. 
You can also change your Discussion Settings so you can manually mark discussion replies as read.
View Threaded Discussions
Threaded Discussions are discussions with replies within replies. In addition to post date, replies are shown in hierarchal order, with replies naturally indented to indicate when a student replies to another student's reply. 
When viewing threaded discussion replies, you can collapse and expand individual threaded discussions. Hover over the top of a discussion reply and click the up arrow to expand or collapse a threaded discussion reply. When a threaded discussion reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies. 
View Liked Discussions
If your instructor allows you to like replies in a discussion, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the discussion. Blue icons indicate replies that you've liked. The number of total likes also appears next to the icon.
Search for Reply
To search for a discussion reply, enter any term in the Search field. Search results include matches for user names and reply text.
View Reply in Discussion
To clear search results and view the reply as part of the entire discussion, click the View in discussion link.
To copy a direct link to the discussion reply, right click the View in discussion link and select the Copy Link Address option.
View Reply Settings
Each discussion reply has its own options menu.
In original discussion replies, you can return to the main discussion topic by clicking the Go to Topic link. 
In threaded discussions, if you are viewing a reply within a reply, return to the original reply by clicking the Go to Parent link.
If you are allowed to edit and delete your own discussion posts, you will also view Edit and Delete options.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to a discussion, reply to the main discussion topic by clicking the Reply field. If your discussion is threaded, you can reply to any other post in the discussion by clicking the Reply link.Viewing permission changes
Review Additional Considerations
You can use the account permissions or course permissions documents to review any additional considerations that specific permissions have.
Alternatively, Additional Considerations are displayed on the admin permissions page, when you click the title of a permission.
Note: 
It is recommended you make any changes in the beta or test environments and confirm they match what you expect to prevent users from getting unintended permissions.
New Permissions Delay
If you provide new permissions to a role, there is a delay of up to 30 minutes before users with the role will receive it. If you need to confirm a role’s new permissions, there is a method to skip this delay.
Note: 
Removing permissions does not have this delay and will be unavailable to the user immediately.
Act As User
After you’ve added a permission to a role, you will need to act as a user with that newly adjusted role.
In Account Navigation, click the People link, and search for the user.
Click the name of the user to go to their profile.
In their profile, click the Act as User link.
As the user, in Global Navigation, click the Account link, then the Settings link.
Click the Edit Settings button. You can change the language or the time zone. This has the effect of updating their permissions, after which, you can confirm if they have the permissions you are expecting.
Removing permissions does not have this delay, and will be unavailable to the user immediately.How do I edit module items as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Edit Module Item
Click the Options icon and select the Edit link.
Edit Item Details
You can edit the item title by typing in the title field. You can also edit the indentation level by selecting the indent drop-down menu.
Note: Changes made to one item will be made to all iterations of the item.
Update Item
Click the Update button.
View Module Item
View the changes to the Module item.How do I view my favorite courses in the Card View Dashboard as an instructor
View Course Cards
By default, course cards are automatically added by Canvas. 
Dashboard courses are ordered alphabetically by course name and your role in the course; nicknames and course codes do not apply to course ordering. Courses with instructor roles are listed first, followed by TA roles and student roles.
Course cards may be organized by published courses and unpublished courses. To publish an unpublished course, click the Publish button.
Note: If you want to remove the default course card setting, you can customize the course list and manually select your favorite courses to display in the Dashboard. When you favorite at least one course, the Dashboard will only display favorited courses. Canvas will also continue to automatically favorite new course enrollments.
View Card Details
Course cards show an overview of course information including the course name, course code, and term.
Each card can include up to four tabs, which represent the four main Canvas features for student course activity: Assignments, Announcements, Discussions, and Files. These tabs mimic visibility and order in Course Navigation, so for instance, if an instructor hides the Announcements link, the Announcements tab will not display on the course card.
An unread icon on the Discussions or Announcements tab indicates that there is a new discussion or announcement in the course. The number in the icon indicates the number of new items.
Create Nickname
If one of your courses includes a long or confusing name, you can create a nickname for your course. Most courses are created using Student Information Systems (SIS) that generate course names based on terms, departments, and section numbers, and courses with similar names may be hard to distinguish.
Course nicknames appear in the Dashboard, Course Navigation Menu, course breadcrumbs, and notification emails.
A course nickname does not affect the course name at the account or course level; it only changes the name of the course for the individual user who created the nickname.
If you need to know the original name of the course, you can hover over the nickname and the original name will appear. Additionally, the course code is not affected and always displays on the course card for course reference.
Notes: 
This feature does not currently apply to the global Grades page and Dashboard sidebar elements such as the To Do list.
Course nicknames are limited to 59 characters.
Manage Nickname
To add a nickname, click the Options icon, then type the name in the Nickname field. Click the Apply button.
To remove a nickname, open the card options and remove the nickname. The Nickname field will display the original name of the course.
Change Course Color
Course Cards can help you organize your courses by customizing the color, which is synced with the color shown for the course in the Calendar. To change the color, click the Options icon, then select a new color. The check mark indicates the selected color, and the hex color code displays in the text field. If you want to use a color not shown in the window, you can enter the color's hex code directly in in the text field. The hex field will display a warning icon if the hex code is not valid. Additionally, any variation of white is not accepted as a course color.
Click the Apply button.
Note: If you change the color for a course in the Calendar, the color also updates in the Dashboard.
Move Course Cards
You can also move a course card to another location in the Dashboard or remove a card from the Dashboard. Click the Options icon and select the Move tab. Depending on the placement of the existing card, you can move the card to the top of the Dashboard, ahead or behind a specific card, or to the bottom of the Dashboard.
Once a dashboard card has been reordered, new courses added to the dashboard always display at the end of all existing courses.
To remove the course card from the Dashboard, click the Unfavorite option.
Note: The Unfavorite option only displays if you previously selected favorite courses. 
Drag and Drop Course Cards
You can also manually drag and drop a course card to another location in the Dashboard. Click a course card and drag it to the desired location. 
View Color Overlay
Some courses may include an image for the course behind the course color. By default, course cards with an image include a color overlay. To remove the color overlay from all course cards that contain an image, click the Options icon and then deselect the Color Overlay option. 
Remove Color Overlay
When the Color Overlay is removed, the course color will display as a circle behind the card's Options icon. How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as an instructor
Open QR Code
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the QR Code for Mobile Login link.
Note: If you cannot view the QR for Mobile Login link, your institution has not enabled this feature. 
Confirm QR Code Display
To display your mobile login QR code, click the Proceed button.
View QR Code
View your QR code. The QR code can be scanned from the login page of the Teacher app from an Android device or an iOS device.
Note: Mobile login QR codes expire 10 minutes after they are generated.How do I adjust events and due dates in a course import as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the content type you want to import. Complete any additional fields required for the content. 
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox.
Shift Dates
If you want to shift dates in the course, select the Shift dates radio button.
Set Beginning and End Dates
In the Beginning Date field, enter the starting date of the course you are importing. You can also click the Calendar icon to select a date. In the Change to field, enter the new date when you want the course to begin, or click the Calendar icon.
In the Ending Date field, enter the end date of the course you are importing, or click the Calendar icon to select a date. In the Change to field, enter the new date when you want the course to end. 
Canvas will take the new start and end dates for the course and distribute all assignments with due dates as evenly as possible across the course dates and keep them due on the same day of the week as the original course. If the imported course and the new course vary in course length, assignments will be assigned proportionally. Once the course is imported, you can easily confirm and adjust any assignment dates using the Calendar.
Notes: 
It is recommended to shift due dates of imported content before students are enrolled in the course. If students are enrolled before course content is imported with due dates, students may not be able to submit work to those imported assignments. 
If the course where you are importing the content contains course override dates in Course Settings, those dates will be automatically pre-populated in the Change to fields.
The course participation start and end dates will be automatically set to the dates set in the Change to fields when adjusting dates in a course import. However, if course participation start and end dates have already been set for the course, course participation start and end dates will not be changed.
Create Substitution Dates
You can also explicitly define day substitutions to adjust for changing class schedules, such as moving all assignments on Mondays to Tuesdays. To create a date substitution, click the Substitution button. 
In the Move from field, select the day of the week; in the To field, select the new day of the week for the substitution. 
To remove a substitution, click the Remove icon.
You can create as many substitution dates as necessary. Canvas will take the date substitutions and adjust assignments with due dates appropriately across the course dates.
Remove Dates
If you want to remove all associated due dates in the course, select the Remove dates radio button. 
Dates will be removed from the following features:
Assignments (due, availability, and peer-review dates)
Announcements (delayed post dates)
Quizzes (due, availability, and show correct answers dates)
Calendar events (start and end dates)
Modules (unlock dates)
Files (availability dates)
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I rename a file as a student
Rename File
In user or group files, to rename a file, click the line item for the file. 
Click the Options icon, then click the Rename link. 
In the text field, change the name of the file. To save the name of the file, press the Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) key or click the Check button. To return to the previous title, click the Cancel button.
Note: Renaming or removing the extension in the file name may strip the extension from the file when it is downloaded.
View File
View the new name of your file.How do I create hyperlinks to course or group content in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, discussion, or page.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of a course or group content item, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear.
To insert a hyperlink to a group content item, select the text for your hyperlink. 
Open Course Link
In the toolbar, click the Links icon and select the Course Link option.
Notes: 
You can also link to course files such as images, media files, and documents. 
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Group Link
When using the Rich Content Editor within groups, you can create a link to group content.
In the toolbar, click the Link icon and select the Group Link option.
Notes: 
You can also link to group files such as group images, group media files, and group documents. 
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Select Course or Group Content
Use the Add menu to select the linked content. By default, the Add drop-down menu displays Links for content. You can also add document, image, and media file links.
To search for course or group content, type at least three characters in the Search field.
Content items are grouped by content type. To view a list of group content items click the arrow icon next to the content type. Then click the name of the item you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
You may be able to link to course or group content in Pages, Assignments, Quizzes, Announcements, Discussions, Modules, and Navigation items. 
Add Course or Group Content
To add a content item, open the group content section and click the Add one! link.
Insert Navigation Link
You can also insert Navigation links from the Add menu. When a user clicks on an inserted Navigation link, Canvas will navigate them to that feature page. 
Drag and Drop Content Links
You can also choose to drag and drop content links from the Add menu by selecting the item and dragging and dropping it to the desired location in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the content item or the hyperlinked text. 
Edit Hyperlink
To edit a content link, hover over the text for your hyperlink and click the Link Options link.
View the current linked course or group content.
To replace the course or group content link, enter at least three characters in the Search field. Or you can use the feature area sections to find and replace the content.
Click the Replace button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply or Reply button.
View Content Link
View the content. To view the linked course content, click the inserted link.
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon. How do I view my institution's Public Course Index as an instructor
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Browse More Courses
In the My Courses page sidebar, click the Browse More Courses link.
View All Courses
You can view all courses that have been included in the public course index, with the most recently created courses shown first.
You can view the name of the course and a description, if any.
Search Courses
You can search for courses in several different ways. In the Name field, you can type the name of a course. 
You can also search for courses by status. If you want to view only public courses, click the Public courses only checkbox. If you want to view only open enrollment courses, click the Open enrollment courses only checkbox. Open enrollment courses are courses that you can join at any time.
When you are finished selecting your search options, click the Search button.
View Course
To view a course, click the name of the course. If a course lets students self-enroll, you can join the course at any time by clicking the Join this Course button. However, you can view the course first and enroll in the course home page.How do I delete my ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Delete ePortfolio
Click the Delete this ePortfolio link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the Delete ePortfolio button.How do I like a reply in a course announcement as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Like Announcement Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
View Liked Reply
The Like icon will be highlighted, indicating you have liked the reply. 
When a reply is liked, the Like icon will also display the total number of likes for all users in the announcement.
View Liking Restriction
If your instructor has restricted the liking option to only users with grading permissions, you will not be able to see the Like icon or like your favorite replies. However, you can still see the total number of likes given to each reply.Restoring missing enrollments
Confirm Concluded Enrollments
To confirm that the user(s) are concluded in the course, in Course Navigation, click the People link. Then click the More Options icon and select the View Prior Enrollments option.
This will show you all concluded users in the course. 
Restore Enrollments
If you go to the user details for each of the users, you can restore their enrollments.
You can also re-invite or re-import the users with an Active status to the course to restore them. How do I manage alt text and display options for images embedded in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
00:07: How do I manage alt text and display options for images embedded in the rich content
00:11: editor?
00:13: Open the rich content editor when using one of the canvas features, which support the editor.
00:19: Click the image then click the options link.
00:22: You can manage display options for embedded images in the image options menu.
00:28: If an image is added to the rich content editor via URL the image
00:32: options menu includes the file URL field.
00:35: The URL can be updated to change the image displayed in the editor.
00:40: Enter an alternative text description or text tags in the alt text field.
00:45: By default the alt text field displays the image file name.
00:49: Alt text is read by screen readers and it displays when an embedded image
00:53: cannot display. If the image is decorative and does not require, alt
00:57: text select the decorative image option.
01:02: By default the embed image display option is selected for embedded images.
01:07: To display the image file link select the display text link display option
01:11: the file link will replace the image in the rich content editor.
01:17: Click the size drop-down menu. You can select a small medium
01:21: large or extra-large image size or you can select to enter
01:25: custom dimensions.
01:28: To customize the size of your image enter the custom height or width dimension
01:32: in one of the two Dimension fields. As you enter a value in one
01:36: field the other fields value changes in order to retain the image aspect
01:40: ratio.
01:43: You can also manually adjust the image size in the rich content editor.
01:47: When you click the image adjustment handles appear in each corner.
01:51: Click and drag the handles to adjust the image size.
01:55: If you select a custom image size, you can change the size selecting the pixels
01:59: Dimension type radio button and changing one of the two Dimension type fields.
02:05: You can also change the custom image size by selecting the percentage Dimension type
02:09: radio button and changing the percentage field.
02:13: Click the done button.
02:16: View the image embedded in the rich content editor.
02:19: This guide covered how to manage alt text and display options for images embedded
02:23: in the rich content editor.
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Open Image Options
Click the image, then click the Image Options link. 
You can manage display options for embedded images in the Image Options menu. 
Update File URL
If an image is added to the Rich Content Editor via URL, the Image Options menu includes the File URL field. The URL can be updated to change the image displayed in the editor.
Add Alt Text
Enter an alternative text description or text tags in the Alt Text field. By default, the Alt Text field displays the image file name. Alt text is read by screen readers, and it displays when an embedded image cannot display.
If the image is decorative and does not require alt text, select the Decorative Image option. 
Select Display Options
By default, the Embed Image display option is selected for embedded images.
To display the image file link, select the Display Text Link display option. The file link will replace the image in the Rich Content Editor. 
Select Image Size
Click the Size drop-down menu. You can select a small, medium, large, or extra large image size, or you can select to enter custom dimensions. 
To customize the size of your image, enter the custom height or width dimension in one of the two dimension fields. As you enter a value in one field, the other field's value changes in order to retain the image aspect ratio. 
Note: Custom image size must be at least 10x10px. 
Manually Adjust Image Size
You can also manually adjust the image size in the Rich Content Editor. 
When you click the image, adjustment handles appear in each corner. Click and drag the handles to adjust the image size. 
Select Dimension Type
If you select a custom image size, you can change the size selecting the Pixels dimension type radio button and changing one of the two dimension type fields.
You can also change the custom image size by selecting the Percentage dimension type radio button and changing the percentage field.
Save Changes
Click the Done button. 
View Embedded Image
View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor.How do I create a sub-account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Sub-Accounts
In Account Navigation, click the Sub-Accounts link.
Show Accounts
Click the down arrow to show sub-accounts.
Add Sub-Account
Click the Add button.
Title Sub-Account
Enter a title for the sub-account in the title field. Press Return (on a MAC keyboard ) or Enter (on a PC keyboard).
View Sub-Account
View the created sub-account. How do I embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Open Images
Click the Image Options arrow. To view the Images icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
To view your uploaded course image files, click the Course Images option. To view images saved in your Canvas user files, click the User Images option.
If you open the Rich Content Editor from a group, you can view uploaded group image files by clicking the Group Images option.
Select Image File
By default, when embedding an image in the Rich Content Editor, the Add menu displays image files from your selected source. 
To change the image file type, click the Type drop-down menu. 
To sort image files by date added or alphabetically, click the Date Added drop-down menu. To search for an image, enter the image name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
To embed the image, click the image file.
Note: The image will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Image
View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor. You can also edit the size of the image and add alt tags for improved accessibility. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I create an Essay question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Essay Question
Click the Add Essay button.
Add Question Title and Prompt
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Prompt field, add the prompt for the Essay question. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your prompt.
Set Question Options
You can enable various tools for students to use when answering an Essay question. To allow students to use an on-screen calculator, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. When you select this option, you can choose either a basic or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
The Rich Content Editor is enabled for students by default. To disable the Rich Content Editor, click the Rich Content Editor checkbox.
To enable spell-check, click the Spell-check checkbox. To enable word count tracking, click the Show Word Count checkbox.
To set a word limit for the Essay question, click the Set Word Limit checkbox. You can set a minimum and maximum word limit for student answers.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Add Grading Notes
To add grading notes, click the Grading Notes tab and enter your notes in the text field.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.How do I view user details for an enrollment in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
View Name and Email
The User Details page displays details about the user. 
In the user's Name and Email section, you can view the user's name, profile picture (if enabled by your institution), default email, and time zone. 
If the user has an inappropriate profile picture, you can remove it by clicking the Remove avatar picture link.
Note: Viewing user email addresses is a course permission. Depending on your permissions, you may not be able to view a user's email address.
View Additional Details
To view membership details about the user, click the more user details link.
You can view the user's course enrollment and user role. If the user is assigne a custom role, currently only the base role is displayed. Depending on your course permissions, you may also be able to conclude the enrollment and delete the enrollment. 
You can also view and manage user course section limitations and the Last Day Attended field.
View Recent Messages
The Recent Messages section shows the user's recent activity in announcements and discussions, if any.
View Sidebar
If you have the appropriate permissions, the sidebar may also include links to additional information about the user:
View a detailed grade report
Send a message using Conversations
View your interactions with the student using Canvas
View the student's access report
View the Outcomes associated with the student
View student analytics 
View any external services linked to the student's accountHow do I reply to submission comments in the Inbox as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Open Submission Comments
Click the Inbox filter and select the Submission Comments option.
Select Submission Comment
Each message contains the name of the course and the name of the submission. Click the submission comment where you want to reply.
Reply to Comments
In the toolbar, click the Reply icon. You can also click the reply icon in the conversation thread.
Note: In Submission Comments, the name of the course assignment links to the assignment. This link allows you to access the assignment submission and view any associated attachments that may be part of the submission comment.
Write Comment
In the text window, type your comment for the submission. Click the Send button.
View Comment
View your reply in the conversation thread. 
Replies are also posted back to the assignment and can be viewed in the Grades page and the assignment submissions page.How do I lock course objects in a blueprint course as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the blueprint course.
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: Objects can also be managed in the Files, Modules, Pages, and Quizzes pages.
View Icon Status
In any Index page, you can view the status of each object. White squares indicate the object is unlocked. Blue squares with a lock icon indicate the object is locked. 
By default, objects are unlocked. You can change the status of an object by toggling the lock and unlocked icons.
Lock Object
To lock an object, click the object’s unlocked icon. The hover text will confirm you want to lock the object. 
Unlock Object
To unlock an object, click the object’s lock icon. The hover text will confirm you want to unlock the object. 
View Status in Individual Object
Except within Files, blueprint status can be modified within individual objects.
Files can only be locked or unlocked from the main Files page.
Lock Object
To lock an unlocked object, click the Blueprint button. The button will change from gray to blue and indicate the object is locked.
Unlock Object
Individual objects show the attributes that have been locked.
To unlock a locked object, click the Locked button. The button will change from blue to gray and indicate the object is unlocked. The locked attributes banner will also be removed from the page. 
View Instructor Access
Instructors in an associated course can view locked and unlocked icons in the Index page. However, they cannot manage the existing status of an object.
For locked objects, the individual page displays the locked attributes selected in Course Settings, if any. Instructors in associated courses cannot modify locked objects, so any attributes that are locked cannot be edited.Updating my displayed name in Canvas
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link. Then click the Settings link. 
Edit Settings
In the sidebar, click the Edit Settings link. 
Update Display Name
Enter your preferred name in the Display Name field, then click the Update Settings button. 
Learn more about your Canvas user settings. How do I set usage rights and user access for a course file as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Manage Usage Rights
Click the line item for the file. Click the Options icon and the Manage Usage Rights link. You can also click the file's warning icon, or the Files toolbar Manage Usage Rights link. 
Select Usage Right
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of five usage rights. If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to your file, please consult your institutional admin for guidance:
I hold the copyright (original content created by you)
I have obtained permission to use the file (authorized permission by the author)
The material is in the public domain (explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright)
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws (excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education)
The material is licensed under Creative Commons; this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Set File Availability
You can also set availability to the file. By default, the file is unpublished. You can also publish the file or restrict access.
To select file availability, click the radio button next to the access type. You can change the access at any time. 
Set File Visibility
In Course Settings, visibility defaults to course visibility. However, for individual files, the default is whatever the instructor selected in Course Settings.
Save File
Click the Save button.
View File
View the updated file.How do I add captions to new or uploaded videos in the Rich Content Editor in Canvas as an instructor
Open Video Options
Click your newly recorded media or uploaded media. Then click the Video Options link. 
Select Language and File
To specify the language for your captions, click the Closed Captions/Subtitles drop-down menu.
To attach your caption file, click the Choose caption file button. You can upload SRT or VTT files.
Open File
Select your caption file, then click the Open button. 
View Selected File
View your caption file. 
To attach additional caption files, click the Add button. 
When finished adding media and caption files, click the Done button.
Note: If the video has been copied from another course and includes captions, a tooltip displays noting that inherited captions cannot be edited.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Media with Captions
When you add captions to a media file, the file displays a Captions icon. How do I view a summary of all my student interactions in a course as an instructor
Open Grades
In the Dashboard sidebar, click the View Grades button.
Open Student Interactions Report
Locate the course and click the Student Interactions Report link.
Open People
You can also access the report in People. In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Student Interactions Report
In the Options drop-down menu, click the Student Interactions Report link.
View Student Interactions Report
The Student Interactions Report lists the students in your course, the last time you interacted with them, the current grade for a student, the final grade for a student, and if there are any submitted but ungraded assignments for the student. You can also send a message to a student by clicking the message icon. To sort the columns, click the arrows at the top of the columns. How do I copy a module item to another course as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Open Module Item Options
Locate the module item you wish to copy and click the Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Enter the course code or course name in the Select a Course field. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the module item.
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. Module items cannot be copied to a concluded course.
View Copy To Content Warning Message
When copying content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Select Location
You can copy the module item into a specific module and location within a course. 
Click or type a module name in the Select a Module field. Then select the module for the copied module item.
To select a location within the module, click the Place drop-down menu. You can select to copy the module item to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module. 
Copy Module Item
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when the module item copies successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Module Item
The copied module item displays on the Modules Index Page for the course into which it copied.How do I edit my profile in my user account as a student
00:00:How do I edit my profile in my user account as a student?
00:04:In Global Navigation, click the Account link.
00:08:Then click the Profile link.
00:11:Click the Edit Profile button.
00:14:To upload a profile picture, click the profile picture icon.
00:19:If you are allowed to change your name, type your name in the name field.
00:24:Type your title in the title field.
00:27:If you have connected to any web services, click the checkbox underneath the web service to indicate how you wish to be contacted via that service. To add additional services, click the Manage Registered Services link. Please note that any selected services will not be shared with other course/group members unless you have previously selected the sharing checkbox in the Manage Registered Services page.
00:50:The Discussion icon automatically appears as a contact method for Admins so users can contact them through Canvas Conversations. It cannot be selected by any other users.
01:01:Type your biography in the bio field. You can add hobbies and interesting facts about yourself.
01:07:To add personal links to your profile, such as personal websites, blogs, or portfolios, enter the title of the link in the title field. Type the URL in the URL field.
01:20:Click the remove icon to delete the link.
01:23:Click the Add another link button to add another link.
01:27:Click the Save Profile button.
01:30:This guide shows how to edit a profile in the user account as a student.
Open Profile
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Profile link.
Edit Profile
Click the Edit Profile button.
Note: If you can't edit your profile or communication channels, it's been disabled by your institution.
Edit Profile Picture
To add a profile picture, click the profile picture icon. You can add a profile picture by uploading a file, taking a picture, or uploading a Gravatar image.
Note: Profile pictures are a separate permission from profiles. If you do not see a placeholder picture, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Edit Name and Title
If you are allowed to change your name, type your name in the name field. 
If enabled by your admin, you can add a name pronunciation to your profile. To add a pronunciation, type your pronunciation in the name pronunciation field.
Type your title in the title field.
Add Contact Methods
If you have connected to any web services, click the checkbox underneath the web service to indicate how you wish to be contacted via that service. To add additional services, click the Manage Registered Services link. Please note that any selected services will not be shared with other course/group members unless you have previously selected the sharing checkbox in the Manage Registered Services page.
The Discussion icon automatically appears as a contact method for admins so users can contact them through Canvas Conversations. It cannot be selected by any other users.
Note: As created in your user profile, email addresses do not appear as a contact method and are only used for Canvas notifications. Canvas users should contact each other via Conversations.
Edit Bio
In the Biography field, add hobbies, interesting facts, and any other items about yourself.
Edit Links
You can add personal links to your profile, such as personal websites, blogs, or portfolios.
In the title field, enter the link title.
In the URL field, enter the URL.
To delete the link, click the remove icon.
To add another link, click the Add another link button.
Save Profile
Click the Save Profile button.How do I grade a text entry submission in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from the assignment.
Select Submission
Select the student whose submission you would like to view.
View Submission
View the submission.
You can switch between paper view and plain text view in the View As drop-down menu.
View Word Count
View the submission's word count.
Grade Submission
To enter a grade for the submission, enter a grade in the Grade field.
If you added a rubric to the assignment, you can view the rubric by clicking the View Rubric button.How do I use the menubar in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
View Menubar
The menubar displays above the Rich Content Editor. The menubar includes the same tools as found in the toolbar, but in a format that is easier to navigate with a keyboard.
To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Edit Menu
To view the Edit menu, click the Edit link. From the Edit menu, you can undo content changes, redo content changes, cut, copy, paste, paste as text, and select all content. You can also view the keyboard shortcuts for each edit option. 
View View Menu
To view the View menu, click the View link. From the View menu, you can expand the editor content area to the width of your browser and open the HTML editor. 
Note: Fullscreen is not supported for the HTML editor.
View Insert Menu
To open the Insert menu, click the Insert link. To insert a link, click the Link option. You can link to an external URL or course content.
To insert an image, click the Image option. You can upload a new image or insert an image from your course or user files.
To insert media, click the Media option. You can record media, upload media, or insert media from your course or user files.
To insert a document, click the Document option. You can upload a document or insert a document from your course or user files.
To insert a math equation, click the Equation option.
 To insert a table, click the Table option. 
To embed content using an embed code, click the Embed option.
To insert a horizontal line, click the Horizontal Line option.
View Format Menu
To open the Format menu, click the Format link. You can select several formatting options, including bold, italic, underline, strikethrough, superscript, subscript, and code.
To open the Formats menu, click the Formats option. The Formats menu includes options for headings, inline text, blocks, and alignment.
To view and manage blocks, click the Blocks option. 
To select a font, click the Fonts option. 
To change the font size, click the Font sizes option. 
To manage text alignment, click the Align option.
To change the direction of the text, click the Directionality option. You can format text from left to right and from right to left.
To select a text color, click the Text color option. 
To select a background color, click the Background color option. 
To clear formatting, click the Clear formatting link.
View Tools Menu
To open the Tools menu, click the Tools link.
To view word count statistics, click the Word count option.
To embed content from an external tool, click the Apps option.
To find and replace content, click the Find and Replace option. You can also press Command+F (on a Mac keyboard) or Control+F (on a PC keyboard).
View Table Menu
To view the Table menu, click the Table link.
To add a new table, click the Table option. 
To format the table rows, click the Row option. To format the table columns, click the Column option. To format the table cells, click the Cell option.
To view table properties, click the Table properties link. To delete the table, click the Delete table option.How do I remove an enrollment from a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Remove User
Click the user's Options icon, then select the Remove From Course link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.How do I use my webcam to take a photo for an assignment submission in Canvas as a student
00:00: How do I use my webcam to take a photo for an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements?
00:06: Open the assignment by selecting it in the To Do list, Assignments, Modules, Calendar, or Grades.
00:14: You can review any assignment details left by the instructor or the rubric if one is attached.
00:20: Choose the Upload submission type to use your webcam and take a picture of your submission.
00:25: Select the Webcam Photo button.
00:28: If prompted by your browser to allow Canvas to access your camera, click Allow.
00:34: Capture a photo using your webcam by clicking the Take Photo button.
00:39: To retake the picture, click the Start Over button.
00:43: Capture another photo using your webcam.
00:46: When you have an acceptable image, select Save to save the photo you have taken.
00:51: Submit your assignment by clicking the Submit Assignment button.
00:55: When the submission is successful, you may see confetti, and the Progress Tracker will display Submitted.
01:01: This guide covered how to use my webcam to take a photo for an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements.
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Start Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button.
Use Webcam
To take a picture with your webcam and submit the image, click the Use Webcam button.
Enable Webcam
If your browser prompts you for access to your computer's camera, click the Allow button.
Take Photo
To take a photo using your computer's webcam, click the Take Photo button.
Submit Photo
To use the photo you took as your assignment submission, click the Use This Photo button. To retake the photo, click the Try Again button.
View Photo
You can preview your photo in the File Upload tab. To remove the photo from your submission, click the Delete icon.
Submit Assignment
Click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submission Status
Large files display a submission status indicator. 
View Submission
View the confirmation of your assignment submission.How do I view course files as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link. 
View Course Files
All published course files can be viewed by all course users. However, some files may restrict access to specific users.
You can view your user quota and what percentage of that quota has been used. Learn how to manage course files.
If you want to see the files for all your courses, click the All My Files link.
View Files for All Courses
Canvas displays your User Files page with all course folders displayed below your user files. How do I automatically assign peer reviews for a discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link. 
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Edit Discussion
Click the Edit button.
Automatically Assign Peer Reviews
Click the Require Peer Reviews checkbox.
Click the Automatically Assign Peer Reviews radio button.
Decide how many Reviews Per User are needed.
In the Assign Reviews field, use the calendar icon to select a date or manually enter a date for when peer reviews will be assigned to students. If left blank, Canvas will use the discussion due date.
Save Discussion
Click the Save button.
Open Peer Reviews
Click the Options icon and then click the Peer Reviews link.
View Assigned Peer Reviews
Canvas will automatically assign a peer review to the student. Assigned peer reviews appear underneath the student names. A check mark indicates a peer review has been completed. A caution triangle indicates a peer review still needs to be completed. 
Note: 
It may take up to one hour for Canvas to assign peer reviews.
If the student has not posted their discussion reply or posts their reply after the due date, the student will not automatically be assigned a peer review and you must manually assign one.
Manage Peer Review
You can also remind students who still need to complete their assigned peer review(s). Peer review reminders are sent as notifications.
To send a reminder, hover your mouse over the assigned peer review and click the Reminder icon. To cancel a peer review, click the Delete icon. 
In the sidebar, you can also assign multiple peer reviews to students who have posted to the discussion but don't already have reviews assigned to them. Enter the number of reviews per user then click the Assign Peer Reviews button.How do I add Roll Call Attendance badges to an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Attendance
In Account Navigation, click the Attendance link.
Manage Badges
Click the Manage badges tab.
Add Badge
Click the Add Badge button.
Save Badge
Create a name for your badge, assign an icon, and choose a color to highlight the background when the badge is assigned. Click the Save Badge button.
Manage Badges
You can edit any badge you create for your account. 
To change the badge name, icon, or color, click the badge name. 
To delete a badge, click the Delete button. Deleting a badge will delete the badge for the entire course and all students.
Note: When managing or editing badges, any changes made will affect the entire account. How do I create hyperlinks to external URLs in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Create Hyperlink from Toolbar
To insert a link from the toolbar, click the Link icon. From the dropdown menu, select the External Links option.
Note: To view the Link icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Create Hyperlink from Menubar
Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Link options, and select the External Links option. 
Insert Link
Enter the text for your hyperlink in the Text field.
Paste or type the URL for your hyperlink in the Link field. 
Click the Done button.
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab.
Create Link Using Keyboard Shortcut
Alternatively, you can create external hyperlinks using keyboard shortcuts. After adding content in the Rich Content Editor, select the text for your hyperlink.
Then press Cmd+K (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+K (PC Keyboard). 
Insert Link
Paste or type the URL for the hyperlink in the URL field, then click the Save button.
Note: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab.
View Hyperlink
View the hyperlink in the Rich Content Editor. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the hyperlink in your content.
Note: When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab.How do I add a rubric to an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Add Rubric
Click the Add Rubric button.
Find a Rubric
To find an existing rubric, click the Find a Rubric link. 
You can find rubrics that were created in previous assignments as well as rubrics created in other courses where you have an instructor role. 
Select Rubric
In the first column, select a course or account. In the second column, locate and click the name of a rubric. You can view the criteria and points in each rubric. To select a rubric for the assignment, scroll to the bottom of the rubric and click the Use This Rubric button.
Edit Rubric
To edit an unused rubric or to select rubric settings, click the Edit icon.
Note: When editing a rubric, you can remove associated outcome criteria. However, outcome criteria can only be edited from the Outcomes page. 
Create New Rubric
If you can't find an existing rubric to use for the assignment, you can create a new rubric for your assignment. New rubrics are saved in your course for future use. 
Select Rubric Settings
Once you have added a rubric, you can select several options for the rubric.
If you want to write free-form comments to students in SpeedGrader, select the I'll write free-form comments... checkbox. If this option is selected, no ratings are used to assess the student and criterion values are assigned manually.
If you want to remove points from the rubric, select the Remove points from rubric checkbox. If this option is selected, no points are associated with the rubric, but students can still be rated using the rubric criterion.
If you have the Learning Mastery Gradebook enabled but you don't want outcome results to be posted to the Learning Mastery Gradebook, select the Don't post Outcomes results to Learning Mastery Gradebook checkbox. If this option is selected, students will be able to see rubric and outcome results in the Grades and submission details pages but results will not be posted to the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
If you want to use the rubric for grading in SpeedGrader, select the Use this rubric for assignment grading checkbox. 
If you don't want students to see the score total for the rubric, select the Hide score total for assessment results checkbox. Students can still see the point values for each criterion, but the total score will not be shown at the bottom of the rubric. This option is only available if the rubric is not used for grading.
Save Rubric
Click the Update Rubric button.
Note: If you created a new rubric, the assignment will show the Create Rubric button.
Adjust Scoring Points
If you select the option to use the rubric for grading, Canvas will compare the rubric score and Assignment points.
If the number of points in the rubric is different than the number of points in the Assignment, Canvas will generate a warning message notifying that the point values are not equal.
To update the number of points in the assignment, click the Change button. Otherwise, click the Leave different button.
View Rubric
View the rubric for the assignment. 
To edit the rubric, click the Edit icon. To replace the rubric with an existing rubric, click the Search icon. 
To delete the rubric from the assignment, click the Delete icon.If the rubric was created from the assignment and is not linked to other course content, the rubric will be removed from the course when deleted.
Copy Rubric
If you try to edit a rubric that has been used in more than one assignment (assignment, graded discussion, or quiz), Canvas generates a warning message that the rubric can't be edited. This message means that the rubric can't be edited directly, but you can create a copy of the rubric. 
To create a copy of the rubric, click the OK button. Canvas will create a copied version of the rubric. The edited version will automatically replace the previous rubric in the assignment. If you use the rubric for grading, the rubric will update for all students in SpeedGrader. You may want to re-review student submissions that may have already been graded with the original rubric.
The copied rubric will also be saved in the course rubrics list for future use.
Note: A rubric linked to multiple assignments will not be copied if the only change made is to use the rubric for assignment grading.Why can't I access my student's course(s) as an observer
If you are self-enrolling in your student's course using a join code or URL, you may not have completed the registration process. Check your email for information from your student's school or teacher as to how to enroll in the course. 
If your student's school enrolled you in a course, your enrollment may not have been set up properly. Please contact your student's teacher(s) for assistance.
Each course is associated with a specific access date. Depending on the date associated with the course, you may not yet be able to view your student's course.
Courses must be published by your student's school before you can access them. If a course is not accessible to you in your course list, it may not be published. 
Access to concluded courses may be restricted by your student's school.
Confirm your browser is up to date. Outdated browsers cannot support Canvas courses.What are Grades and the Gradebook
What is the Gradebook?
The Gradebook helps instructors easily input and distribute grades for students. Grades for each assignment can be calculated as points, percentages, complete or incomplete, pass or fail, GPA scale, and letter grades, and assignments can be organized into groups for weighting as well. 
You can also use SpeedGrader to help you assign out grades. 
Columns are automatically created in the Gradebook when you create and publish assignments, graded discussions, and graded quizzes and surveys. A column is also automatically added for the Attendance tool.
When would I use the Gradebook?
Use the Gradebook to:
View grades by grading periods
View assignment submission notifications and assignment details 
Sort the gradebook by assignment due dates, student names, secondary id, total scores, or group scores (if applicable)
Create and apply specific gradebook filters that may be used once or saved for future use
Download assignment submissions from students to grade or view them offline when no internet connection is available
Manually enter student grades
Automatically calculate total and final grades
Assign zeros after deadline
Simultaneously view grade information across all courses
Notify students when an assignment has been graded
View Grade history and revert updated assignment scores to previous scores (including grades from multiple submissions and/or regraded quizzes)
Download or upload Grades as a CSV file
Hide grades from students until they are published
Create custom curving and grade ranges
Message students who have submitted an assignment, who haven't submitted an assignment yet, have not been graded, who scored more than X or less than Y on an assignment, or had an assignment reassigned.
Leave private grading notes/comments for the student
Excuse an assignment, discussion, or quiz for a student
Note: To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
What is the Learning Mastery Gradebook?
The Learning Mastery Gradebook helps instructors and admins assess the outcome standards being used in Canvas courses rather than letter grades. This gradebook helps institutions measure student learning for accreditation and better assess the needs of their students. 
When would I use the Learning Mastery Gradebook?
Use the Learning Mastery Gradebook to:
Measure student progress and student learning
View student scores based on learning standards and outcomes
Filter students based on mastery learning levels 
View course statistics 
Assess course curriculum and teaching methodsHow do I view a quiz log for a student as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of a quiz.
Show Student Quiz Results
Click the Options menu and click the Show Student Quiz Results option. 
Open Student Results
Click the name of a student.
View Log
Click the View Log link.
View Session Information and Action Log
View the session information and the action log for the quiz. 
The session information shows the start date and time for the attempt. 
The action log for the specified attempt will display a status and a timestamp for each quiz action.
To refresh the quiz log, click the Refresh icon.
View Action Log Statuses
Each item in the action log contains a status.
Possible action log statuses include:
Viewed (and possibly read) a question displays when a student is active on the quiz page, but has not answered the question.
Answered a question displays when a student has answered the question. If questions are shown being answered multiple times, the student either changed their answer(s), or the answer was generated by the quiz autosave feature.
Stopped viewing the Canvas quiz-taking page displays when a student navigates away from the quiz (closes the browser tab, opens a new browser tab, or navigates to a different program). 
Resumed displays when the student has returned to the quiz. 
View Question Answers
To view responses to a question, click the link to the quiz question number.
You can view the number of times the question was answered, as well as each specific attempt at answering the question. 
To view answers for another quiz question, click the question number. To return to the log, click the Back to log link.
View Autosave Answers
The log may show Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks, Matching, Multiple Answers, and Multiple Dropdown questions as being answered at the beginning of the quiz. This action is generated by the autosave component within Canvas quizzes. If a student clicks to answer another question, the quiz will autosave all the questions and show them as being answered. Because of the autosave behavior, the quiz log does not include an accurate log for Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks, Matching, Multiple Answers, and Multiple Dropdown questions.
When viewing the question answers in the log, the question will show a null or no answer response for the autosaved answer attempt.  
View Additional Attempts
If the student has more than one quiz attempt, the log always shows the last attempt. Prior attempts can be viewed by clicking the number of the attempt.How will I know if there is a Canvas outage
View Canvas Status Page
Visit status.instructure.com for incident reports regarding Canvas. The reports are global announcements that may or may not affect your institution. The Canvas Status Page will only include outages that last longer than 15 minutes.
View Status Icons
On the Status Page, icons are used to describe the current status of Canvas as a whole and specific components within Canvas. These icons will correlate with the following statuses:
Operational: component is working as expected
Degraded Performance: component is experiencing slowness outside of expected range
Partial Outage: component is experiencing extreme slowness with intermittent downtime that typically affects a small subset of users
Major Outage: component is no longer functional or experiencing partial outage that affects large number of Canvas users
Maintenance: component has been intentionally taken down for major repairs
Subscribe to the Admin Mailing List
Contact your Customer Success Manager to subscribe to the Admin Mailing List. If you are subscribed to the mailing list, you will receive emails if your institution is affected by a Canvas outage. How do I view my customer KB in the Field Admin Console as an admin
Open Customer KBs
From the Field Admin Console home page, click the Customer KB tab.
Open Account KB
Click the name of the account that includes the KBs you want to view.
To filter the accounts that display on the page, click the Filter icon.
View KB Entries
To view details for an entry, click the name of the entry.
View Entry Details
Each KB entry contains the following details:
Entry name
Affected roles
Default case handling: provides additional details, text, and keywords that support agents can use when handling a case related to the entry
Update request: includes any details that should be added to the entry. When these updates are addressed, click the Details Updated checkbox.
User who created the entry
User who last modified the entry
Edit Entry
To edit an entry field, click the Edit icon. 
To edit an entire KB entry, click the Edit button. To delete a KB entry, click the Delete button. To clone a KB entry, click the Clone button.
View KB Details
To view the details for your customer KB, click the Details tab. Details include alerts, contact information, prime directives, account terminology, case routing, and account information.
To edit the KB details, click the Edit icon.How do I apply scores to ungraded assignments as an Instructor as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Apply Score to Ungraded
Hover over the Assignment group column header and click the Optionsicon.
To apply a score to ungraded submissions and artifacts, click theApply Score to Ungraded link.
Add Apply Score to Ungraded
To apply a certain grade for ungraded submissions and artifacts, enter the grade percentage in the Grade for ungraded artifactsfield. If you would like to apply the missing status, click the Apply missing statuscheckbox.
You can choose to apply the grade to Only ungraded artifacts that are past due or All ungraded artifacts.
Click the Apply Scorebutton.
View Applied Scores
To view the applied grades, you must reload the page.How do I add HTML or embedded content to my ePortfolio page as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open Page
Click the page you want to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add HTML/Embedded Content Box
Click the HTML/Embedded Content link.
Edit Content Box
Edit the HTML content box by typing in the text box.
Save Changes
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
View the changes you made to the page.How do I create a new ePortfolio section as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open Sections
Click the Organize Sections link. 
Add Section
To create a new ePortfolio Section, click the Add Section link.
Add Section Name
Type your new section name in the section name field. Press Return (on a Mac keyboard ) or Enter (on a PC keyboard). 
Manage Sections
To edit any section, click the Settings menu. To rename a section, click the Rename link. To delete a section, click the Delete link. To move a section, click the Move to... link. You can also rearrange sections by clicking and dragging them.
Save Section
When you are finished adding and/or editing your new ePortfolio Sections, click the Done Editing button.Viewing Canvas courses in the Dashboard
Open Courses List
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link. Then click the All Courses link.
View Courses List
The Courses list displays a list of all courses in which you are enrolled. 
To view a published course, you can click the course name link. You can only access published courses. Unpublished courses do not display a link. 
Note: If your Courses list does not display any courses, you may not be enrolled in a course, course participation may be restricted, or your institution may not have updated the course enrollments in Canvas. Once registered, courses may take up to 24 hours to show in Canvas. You may need to reach out to your Canvas administrator or your instructor for help. 
Select Favorite Courses
You can designate your favorite courses in the Courses list. Favorited courses display in your Canvas Dashboard. 
To favorite a course, click the Favorite icon. Courses with filled stars show the course is a favorite.
Notes:
After you have manually favorited at least one course, Canvas automatically favorites any new published course enrollments for you.
You can only favorite active courses. Courses listed in the Future and Past enrollments list cannot be favorited.How do I view my user files as an observer
Open Files
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Files link.
View User Files and Upload a File
View your files. To add a file, click the Upload button.
Select File From Computer
Browse to a file on your computer and click the Open button.
Open File
Click the name of the file. 
Preview File
The preview displays the file and file information details, as well as a link to download the file.
You can scroll through the document, zoom in and out, and view the document in full screen.
View Button
You can also preview a file by clicking the View button.
Download File
Click the Options icon and then click the Download link.
Create Folder
To create an empty folder, click the Add Folder button.How do I view the Admin Analytics Overview Dashboard as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Analytics link.
Open Overview Dashboard
By default, the Overview Dashboard displays filters by active term.
View Overview Dashboard
In the Overview Dashboard, you can view the following charts:
Courses by status
Enrolled students with or without activity
Teacher use of courses with activity
Course status over time
Enrolled students over time
Average course grades
Interactions by Canvas feature
Overall course interactions over time
Learn more about viewing and managing statistic and chart data.
Note: All statistics and charts display data based on the selected filters. How do I generate a Canvas Data 2 API key as an admin
Find Institution
In your web browser, visit identity.instructure.com. In the Institution drop-down menu, search for your institution by entering its name. Once it appears, click your institution's name.
Note: If your institution does not appear in the search list, please contact your Customer Success Manager about account domain lookup.
Log into Identity Services
Click the Log In to Canvas button.
Authorize Access
To authorize Identity Service to access your account, click the Authorize button.
Add New Key
To add a new key, click the Add New Key button.
In the Key Name field, enter a name for the key.
In the Expiry drop-down menu, select the expiration time (1 day, 1 week, 1 month, 6 months, 1 year).
In the Key Type section, click the Institutional Use or Instructure Partner radio button. 
Click the Save button.
Add New Instructure Partner
Click the Instructure Partner radio button and click the Add New Partner button. In the Select Partner drop-down menu, select your partner. In the email field, enter their email address. Click the Submit button.
Copy API Key and Secret
To reveal your Client ID and Secret, click the Reveal OAuth Credentials button.
To copy your Client ID and Secret, click the Copy Text button next to the Client ID and Secret fields. 
To avoid accidental closing before copying the Client ID and Secret, you need to click the Click 3 more times to close button.
Notes: 
The Client ID and Secret window can only be opened one time. When you close it, you cannot reopen it.
If you do not copy the generated Client ID and Secret and close the window, you will need to generate a new Client ID and Secret. 
View Generated API Key
View the generated API key name. Once the API key is generated, you can manage the API key.How do I privately respond to one individual in a group message as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Select the conversation. 
Locate Message
Locate the individual you want to send a private message to. Hover your mouse under the timestamp until you see the Reply icon.
Compose Message
Type a message in the message field. When you are finished, click the Send button. 
The message will send to the person in the To field and not to everyone else. If you want to reply to everyone, click the settings icon and select reply-all. Or use the reply-all button in the toolbar.How do I view my instructor groups in Canvas as an instructor
Open Groups
In Global Navigation, click the Groups link, then view your groups. To view all your groups, click the All Groups link.
View Groups
Groups are organized into Current Groups and Previous Groups. 
View Current Groups
Current Groups are groups in courses that are part of the current semester or term. You can view the name of the group and the course name for the group. If a course includes a term date, the term date displays next to the course name. Depending on access settings for a course, Current Groups can also display groups in courses that have been published but have not yet started.
Groups that are available to you are listed in blue text. These groups are associated with current courses. To open a group, click the name of the group.
View Previous Groups
Groups under the Previous Groups heading are groups that are part of courses that have concluded. If the group includes a link, the group is still available as a read-only archived group. Prior users can view group material but cannot participate in the group.How do I manage Account Calendars as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
View Account Calendars
In the Other Calendars section, the Account Calendars you have subscribed to are displayed.
Notes:
You are not automatically added to Account Calendars and must subscribe to the Account Calendars to view important dates. 
If your admin automatically subscribes you to an account calendar, it displays in the Other Calendars list.
Subscribe to Account Calendars
To subscribe to a new calendar, click the Add icon.
Add Additional Calendars
To subscribe to calendars, you can find calendars by using the Search Calendars field or by clicking the checkbox next to the calendar's name. Click the Save Changes button.
Manage Account Calendar Color
To change the color of the Account Calendar, click the Options icon next to the calendar name.
Note: Each calendar contains 15 default colors, but you can create any color of your choice by inserting a Hex code. To save your changes, click the Apply button.
Unsubscribe to Account Calendars
To unsubscribe from an Account Calendar, click the Remove icon.How do I manage my Canvas notification settings as an observer
Open Account Notifications
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Notifications link.
View Account Notification Settings
On the Notification Settings page, you can manage notification settings for your Canvas account and/or manage notification settings for individual courses using the Settings for drop-down menu. 
By default, the Settings for drop-down displays the Account option. A banner displays stating account-level notification settings apply to all of your Canvas courses, however, any course-specific notification settings override account notification settings. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon. 
A banner indicates the times when daily and weekly messages will be delivered. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon. 
View the account-level notification types and your listed contact methods. 
Each notification has a default delivery frequency setting. To view the current notification delivery frequency for a notification type and contact method, hover over the notification icon. 
View Notification Details
To view details for a notification, hover over the notification name.
Manage Notification Settings
To allow or disallow the name of the observed student to display in notifications, use the Show name of observed students in notifications toggle. Currently only grade update notifications include observed student names. 
To change a notification delivery frequency for a contact method, locate the notification and contact method. Then click the notification icon. You can select one of four delivery frequency types: 
Notify immediately: receive these notifications right away. These notifications may be delayed by up to one hour in case an instructor makes additional changes, which prevents you from being spammed by multiple notifications in a short amount of time. 
Daily summary: receive a daily summary for this notification type. 
Weekly summary: receive a weekly summary for this notification type. 
Notifications off: receive no notifications for this notification type. 
Notes: 
Account-level notification settings automatically apply to all of your courses. However, you may be able to manage notifications for a single course.
Twitter notification settings do not support daily summary or weekly summary options. 
Unregistered contact methods display on the Account Notification Settings page but notifications will not be sent until you confirm the registration.
View Privacy Notice
If you've set a notification setting for an email address that is not associated with your institution, a Privacy Notice may display. To close the warning, click the OK button. Once the warning displays and is dismissed once, it will not display again. How do I create a Multiple Answers quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Multiple Answers question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit Multiple Answers Question Details
To build a Multiple Answers question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Question response text 
Text for the answer comments under each correct answer and/or at the end of the question
Create Answers with Rich Content Editor 
To create your answer with the Rich Content Editor, hover over the response and click the Edit icon. This switch will allow you to post video, audio, math equations, and more in the answer response. To close the editor, click the Done button.
Add or Delete Answers
Click the Add Another Answer link to create as many correct answers and distractors as you like. If you want to delete a response, hover over the response and click the Delete icon. 
Select Correct Answers
Multiple Answers questions can have more than one correct answer. Hover your cursor to the left of any answer to reveal a green "ghost" arrow. Click the green arrow to the left of the correct answers. You will know which answers are marked as correct responses because both the arrow and the feedback bubble below the answer field will turn green. In this example, the second and third answers are marked as correct. Students are required to select all correct answers to get full credit.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer.
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students. 
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Multiple Answers Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Multiple Answers question in a quiz.
Student View for Multiple Answers Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, correct responses are marked with a green flag. Incorrect responses will be marked with a red flag and any correct answers not indicated by the student are marked with a gray flag.How do I grade group assignments in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from the group assignment.
View Group Submissions
When evaluating group assignments, the SpeedGrader drop-down menu displays the name of each group. Select the name of the group whose submission you want to view.
Grade Submission
To submit a grade for all members of the group, enter the grade in the Grade field. 
If a Rubric is attached to the assignment, you can view the rubric by clicking the View Rubric button. If your rubric is set up for grading, the Grade field will automatically populate with the rubric grade results. 
Send Group Feedback
You can leave feedback comments using the Assignment Comments section. Comments made on group assignments that are not graded individually are sent to the whole group. Assignment comments display as a new thread in Conversations. 
View Group Submission with Individual Grading
If the group assignment was set up to assign grades to each student individually, the submission will still apply for each group member's assignment, but the drop-down menu displays the name of each individual student.
When grading the submission, the entered grade will only apply for the student whose submission you are viewing. 
Individually graded group assignments include commenting options. To send your comment to one student in a group, select Send comment to this student only. To send your comment to the whole group, select Send comment to the whole group.
Individual comments also appear in the Submission Comments filter in Conversations.How do I reply to a message in the Inbox as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
Click the Conversation you want to respond to. Click the Reply icon in the message header, or hover over the timestamp and click the Reply icon within the message. You can also click the Reply icon in the toolbar.
Note: If there is more than one recipient, you can reply-all to the conversation and everyone included will see your reply.
Reply to Message
Type your reply in the message field. You can attach a file or media. When you are ready, click the Send button.
View Sent Message
Your message appears in the preview text of the conversation and at the top of the individual thread.How do I duplicate a page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
Locate the page you want to duplicate. Click the Options icon, then click the Duplicate button.
View Duplicate
View the page duplicate in your course.
Note: If applicable to your course, Blueprint Course icons display after the page is refreshed.How do I upload a file to my user or group files as a student
Upload File
In user or group files, click the Upload button.
Open File
Click the title of the file(s) you want to upload and click the Open button.
Upload Files via Drag and Drop
Some web browsers contain a feature that allows the user to add to files by simply dragging and dropping the files from a file window directly into the Canvas file repository. Click the title of the file you wish to add and drag the file to your open browser. Your file will automatically upload.
Replace Duplicate File
If a file with the same name already exists in the folder where you are uploading your file, you will be asked if you want to replace or rename it. 
To rename the file, click Change Name button. This option will create a duplicate copy of the file with a different name.
To replace the file, click the Replace button.
View Upload Progress
A progress bar will appear at the top of screen tracking the progress of your file upload.
View Files
View your new file.How do I add an event to my calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
You can enter a location.
In the Calendar drop-down menu, make sure you select your personal calendar.
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links. Otherwise, click the Submit button. How do I start a collaboration in a group as a student
Open Collaborations
In Group Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Authorize Access
By default, the Collaborate using drop-down menu is set to Google Docs.
If you have not previously authorized a web tool access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize Google Drive Access button.
Create Collaboration
To create a collaboration document using Google Docs, enter a document name in the Document name field, create a description, and click the names of the people you want to collaborate with. 
Verify Collaborators
Verify the users you want to collaborate with. 
To remove any user, hover your cursor over the user name and click the Remove icon. 
Start Collaborating
Click the Start Collaborating button.How do I use Files as a student
View Files
The basic functionality within Files is the same within each files location, but some features may differ according to feature area.
The left panel shows all folders for quick navigation. Some folders may be housed within other folders. To expand all folders, click the arrows next to the folder name.
When you click the name of a folder, all contents within the folder you are viewing display in the right panel. You can also click folder names in the right panel to view folder content.
For each file, you can view the name of the file, the date the file was created, the date the file was modified the name of the person who modified the file (if modified by another user), and the size of the file.
You can also view the published status for your user files.
Files are sorted alphabetically. To sort files, click the name of any column heading. 
Manage Files
Depending on the file area, files may contain several options to manage files:
Search for files. Files is fully searchable by file name.
Add a folder. Add a new folder to Files to store files. Folders can also house other folders.
Upload a file. Upload a file to Files.
Change the state of the file. Files can be published, unpublished, or include a restricted status.
Manage Selected Files
To select a file, click the name of the file. You can also select multiple files at the same time by holding the command (Mac) or control (PC) key. 
When a file is selected, Files displays the file toolbar at the top of the window. Depending on the files area, the toolbar may contain several options to manage the selected file(s):
Preview the file
Restrict access to the file
Download the file (when selecting more than one file, option appears to download as a zip file)
Move the file
Delete the file
You can also manage some or all options for a selected file within the file's Options menu.
View Usage Rights
Course Files and Group Files may display a column for usage rights. If enabled, the column displays the usage right (copyright) for the file. Files that do not contain a usage right display as a warning icon.
To change the usage right for a file in Group Files, click on the usage right icon for that file.How do I view the Calendar iCal feed to subscribe to an external calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
Click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the link, copy the text in the URL field. 
To download the feed as an ICS file, click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
To subscribe to an external calendar, paste the URL or import the ICS file.How do I add an external tool to the Rich Content Editor toolbar in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
Click the View App Configurations button.
Add Tool to RCE Toolbar
Find the external tool you want to add and click its associated toggle. The toggle will only display for external tools that support placement in the Rich Content Editor.
The Rich Content Editor only supports up to two external tool icons in the toolbar. If two tools have been selected, all other toggles will lock and cannot be enabled.
View Rich Content Editor
Selected tool icons will display next to the Apps icon in the Rich Content Editor toolbar for all users in your account.Note: If an external tool is configured using an LTI key and did not include an icon in the Editor Button placement, the app's icon displays with the first initial of the tool's name in the Rich Content Editor.What should I encourage instructors to do at the beginning and end of each term
View Course Details
At the beginning of the term, instructors should be encouraged to:
Know how to use Canvas and complete general course building.
Make sure courses are properly built for their needs. This includes reviewing proper course names, sections, cross-listed sections, etc.
Verify participation dates in your Course Settings. Participation dates can align with term dates or be set to their own specific dates.
Additionally, you can restrict students from viewing the course before and/or after the participation dates.
Copy content into the course if you are migrating from another system. Otherwise, it is a best practice to build the course from scratch in Canvas.
Update the syllabus, make sure assignment dates are set properly, and make sure quizzes and/or surveys have been published.
Make sure the grading scheme has been set.
Make sure Assignment groups are set up correctly.
Make sure files or folders that you don’t want students to see are locked.
Check course content to be certain all the information is there.
Notes: 
Building a course within Canvas is usually easier to edit than importing content and fixing everything that goes wrong. A best practice would be to download the files and/or course content you want to move to Canvas and then manually upload everything into Canvas. Sure, it may take longer, but in the end the instructors will have to look over their content and perhaps change some of it to make it better.
If instructors have courses they no longer want to use, encourage them to conclude or delete the course for the benefit of their students. If your institution allows students to see their future enrollments, any course that is not published will remain in the Future Enrollments section of a student's Courses but will not be accessible to students. Concluding or deleting the course will remove these courses from this section. 
View Grades
At the end of the term, instructors should be encouraged to:
Make sure all assignments have a graded value. For example, a score of 0 or default grades for all ungraded assignments.
Download .csv gradebook for backup, publish to SIS (feature,) or manually enter into SS.
Notes:
The term dates will specify when the term ends. However, some institutions allow instructors to have access to their course(s) for a year or more after the term has ended to get content or copy content.
There should be no reason to manually conclude a course at the end of the term if the term dates are set correctly and effectively. If a situation arises where a course must be concluded earlier than the end term date, instructors can change the end course date or conclude the course in Course Settings (if they have permissions to change the course state).  How do I create a Text (no question) quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name and Type
To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names for text (no question) quiz questions only appear to teachers when editing the quiz. Students do not see custom names when taking the quiz.
Click the drop-down menu and select the Text (no question) question type.
Edit Question Details
Use the Rich Content Editor to add text, images, media, or other items to your text (no question) quiz question.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Student View for Text (No Question) Quiz Question
This is what students see when they encounter a text (no question) question in a quiz.How do I see which notifications have been sent to a user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Tools link.
Open View Notifications
Click the View Notifications tab.
Search for Student 
In the search field, type the name of the student and click the Find button. Click the student's name.
Enter Date Range
Create the date range you want to search. You can enter dates in the From Date and To Date date fields, or you can use the calendar icon to select dates. Then click the Find button.
View Notifications Sent to User
View the notifications sent to the user from Canvas.How do I add a group set in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Add Group Set
Click the Add Group Set button.
Save Group Set
Name the new group by typing it in the Group Set Name field. 
You can allow self sign-ups by selecting the Allow self sign-up checkbox. 
To manually create groups or create groups using a CSV file, click the I'll create groups later option.
From the drop-down menu, select the Split students by number of groups option.
You can automatically create groups by splitting the students into equal groups or selecting the number of students per group. To split the students into a number of equal groups, select the Split students by [number] groups option in the drop down menu. 
To create groups with a certain number of students, use the arrows or type the number of students per group in the dialog box.
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
Except when creating groups manually, you can automatically set student group leaders. 
The Require group members to be in the same section option is available in self sign-up and automatically created groups.
The maximum number of groups that Canvas can create for an automatically assigned group set is 200. If you ask Canvas to create more than 200 groups, it will only create 200. 
View Group Set
View the group set you created. How do I allow students to create a course discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Settings
Click the Settings icon.
Edit Discussion Settings
Check the Create discussion topics checkbox. To save discussion settings, click the Save Settings button.How do I view the Unpublished Assignments column in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Show Unpublished Assignments
Click the Settings icon. 
To show the unpublished assignments column, click the View Options tab and click the Unpublished Assignments checkbox. Click the Apply Settings button.
View Unpublished Assignment
View the unpublished assignment column. You can view the assignment name, but the cells are grayed out and are not editable until the assignment is published. 
Hide Unpublished Assignments
Click the Settings icon. 
To hide the unpublished assignments column, click the View Options tab and click the Unpublished Assignments checkbox. Click the Apply Settings button.How do I attach a media comment to a message as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
To start a new message, click the Compose icon.
Open Media
To attach a media comment or file, click the Media icon.
Record Media Comment
A pop-up window will appear in your browser. If you see a message instructure.com requesting access, click the Allow button.
Click the Record tab. Select your preferred media method: record with webcam or record with microphone only. When you're ready to record, click the Start Recording button.
Create Recording
The timer with the dot indicates you are recording your media comment, as well as the length of the comment. Once you are finished recording, click the Finish button.
To start the recording over, click the Start Over button.
Save Recording
Before you attach the media comment, you have the chance to review it. 
In the file name field, enter a name for your media comment.
If you want to re-record the recording, click the Start Over button.If you are happy with the result, click the Save Media button.
Upload Media Comment 
If you have a previously recorded media file, you can upload it as part of your message. Click the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop a media file to media uploader to upload a file from your computer.
Upload Media File
Locate the media file on your computer. Click the Open button.
Send Message
Your media comment will appear in your message. When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Media Comment
The media comment will appear below the message. Click the link to view the file.How do I view the Global Announcements page as an instructor
Open Global Announcements
In the Global Navigation menu, click the Account link, then click the Global Announcements link.
View Current Announcements
To view currently active announcements, click the Current tab.
There are five announcement types for global announcements:
A blue announcement with an i icon indicates an information announcement type.
A red announcement with an exclamation icon indicates an error announcement type.
An orange announcement with an exclamation icon indicates a warning announcement type.
A blue announcement with a question icon indicates a question announcement type.
A blue announcement with a calendar icon indicates a calendar announcement type.
View Recent Announcements
To view announcements from the past four months, click the Recent tab.
View Dismissed Announcement
When you dismiss a global announcement, Canvas displays a message notifying you that you can view the announcement on the Global Announcements page. To view the announcement, click the View button.How do I submit a cloud assignment with Microsoft Office 365 as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Open Document Editor
To complete the assignment from the assignments page, click the Edit Document drop-down menu and select Edit.
To open the assignment using the corresponding app, select Open in Desktop App. 
To open the assignment in a separate window, click the Open button.
Edit Assignment
Make edits directly to the document as necessary to complete the assignment. Word will periodically save your changes.
Submit Assignment
When you are ready to submit the assignment, verify that all edits have been saved, then close the Word Online window. In the assignment page, click the Submit button.
Confirm Submission
Confirm your assignment was submitted. Click the Finished button.
If you need to make changes, you can edit the assignment again and submit the assignment as a re-submission. How do I view the history of a page in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Open Page
Click the page you wish to view. 
View Page History
Click the Options icon and select the View Page History link.
View Past Revisions
View the revision history. To return to the current page revision, click the Close icon.
Open Prior Page Revision
To open a prior version of your page, click the date you want to access and then click the Restore this revision link.
View Prior Version
View the content from the latest revision. Canvas will remind you that this version of your page is the most recent revision. If you want to replace your current page with different content, click a different date and page revision. 
Click the Close icon to return to the current page.How do I view quiz comments from my instructor as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Quiz Comments
Locate the quiz and click the Comment icon. 
View the comments in the assignment. You can also view the author.
Open Quiz
Your quiz submission also displays comments. Click the title of the quiz.
View Comments
Any instructor comments added to your submission, as well as any comments added by you, appear in the Comments portion of the sidebar.
If your quiz includes a rubric, your instructor may also leave comments in the rubric.
Add Comments
You can add comments to your assignment submission. Type your comment in the Add a Comment field.
To attach a file to your comment, click the Attach File link.
To submit your comment, click the Save button.
View Feedback 
If your instructor has added general feedback to a question or specific feedback to an answer, you can view that feedback in your quiz results.
Add Media Comment
To add a media comment to your submission, click the Media Comment link. You can record a video or record an audio comment to send to your instructor.How do I create a question bank in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Question Banks
In Account Navigation, click the Question Banks link.
Add Question Bank
Click the Add Question Bank button.
Add Bank Name
Type the name of the question bank in the Bank Name field. Press Return (on a Mac keyboard ) or Enter (on a PC keyboard) to create the question bank.
Bookmark Question Bank
To bookmark the question bank to your user account so you can view it when accessing other courses, click the Bookmark icon. 
Open Question Bank
Click the title of the question bank to open the bank of questions.
Add Content to Question Bank
Use the tools in the sidebar to add content to the question bank. 
View Questions
View the questions in your question bank. To view question details, click the Show Question Details checkbox.
Note: Question details are not available in question banks with more than 50 questions.How do I add or edit details in an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
To open an existing assignment, click the Assignment name.
To create a new assignment, click the Add Assignment button.
Edit Assignment
Click the Edit button.
Edit Assignment Details
Type the assignment title in the Assignment Name field. If you created your assignment as an assignment shell, this field will be populated for you, but you can change it if necessary.
Use the Rich Content Editor to add images, text, links, equations, or insert media. 
Notes: 
When a document is uploaded to the New Rich Content Editor from an assignment, the file is saved to the Uploaded Media folder in Course Files and defaults to hidden status. Students can view the file when the assignment is made available to them. Learn more about file availability.
When an assignment is created with no description, the assignment description displays default text explaining no additional details were added for the assignment.
Enter the points for your assignment in the Points field. Select the Assignment Group for the assignment in the Assignment Group drop-down menu. 
If you created your assignment as an assignment shell, the points field and Assignment Group will be populated for you. You can edit these if necessary. 
Note: Points possible must be set to a number greater than zero for assignments with percentage, points, letter grade, or GPA grading types.
Change Points Possible
If you change the points possible for an existing assignment with graded submissions, you will need to regrade the assignment. This warning message applies to any grading type with assignment submissions, including changing points from or to zero. 
Select Grading Type
In the Display Grade as drop-down menu, select the method you want to use for grading. You can grade your assignment by percentage, complete/incomplete, points, letter grade, GPA scale, or set as not graded. 
Note: The grading type is how the assignment score will display in the Gradebook. For example, an assignment worth 10 points is set to display as a percentage. A student who receives 8/10 points on the assignment will show as 80 in the Gradebook. If using a letter grade, learn how to create a grading scheme and apply a grading scheme to your assignment.
Open Submission Type
By default, the Submission Type is set to Online for creating online assignments. 
To change the submission type, click the Submission Type drop-down menu.
Select Submission Type
Select the type of submission you want to accept for the assignment:
No Submission is when you do not want students to submit an assignment in Canvas. This assignment type can be used to create extra columns in the Gradebook, or when you want to create an assignment that involves multiple scores. Submission Type does not apply to Not Graded assignments.
Online is when you want students to submit their assignments using Canvas through an online submission option. Learn more about creating an online assignment. 
On Paper is when you want students to submit an assignment to you but not through Canvas. This assignment type applies to traditional face-to-face courses or hybrid courses when you want the assignment turned in during class, but you still want to create a column in the Canvas Gradebook for grading purposes.
External Tool is when you want students to submit their assignments using an external app (LTI) enabled for your course. You must enter a URL for the external tool. Learn more about adding an assignment using an external application.
Lucid is when you want students to submit documents through Lucid EDU Suite, which includes apps such as Lucidchart and Lucidspark. If this option does not display, contact your Customer Success Manager. Learn more about creating a Lucid assignment.
Assignment settings are persistent; they default to the options you used when creating or editing the previous assignment in the course. Based on prior assignments, one or more of these options may already be selected for you. 
Note: No Submission and On Paper assignments still appear to students on their Assignments page. To avoid confusion, it is best to make a note in the description about the assignment so students will know whether or not a submission is required and if so, how they are supposed to submit it. 
Select Submission Attempts
If you have selected the Online submission type, the number of allowed attempts is unlimited by default. However, you can limit submission attempts for the assignment.
Create Group Assignment
As part of an assignment submission, Canvas lets you set up an assignment as a group assignment. You can also choose to grade students individually in group assignments.
Require Peer Reviews
If you want to require students review each other's work, you can create a peer review assignment. When requiring peer reviews, you can select whether to manually assign peer reviews or automatically assign peer reviews. 
Allow Anonymous and Moderated Grading
If you want to set up an assignment with additional reviews, you may be able to enable Moderated Grading, Anonymous Grading, or both. Moderated grading allows multiple graders to evaluate a student's work and create provisional grades. Anonymous grading hides student names from graders when they view assignment submissions in SpeedGrader. These options can be used together or independently.
Enable Anonymous Instructor Annotations
If you want to assess submissions with DocViewer and make all instructor annotations and comments in DocViewer-supported submissions anonymous, select the Anonymous Instructor Annotations checkbox.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
By default, Canvas will set your assignment dates for everyone in your course. 
Create a due date for the assignment in the Due Date field. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. You also have the option to add availability date fields.
To assign the assignment to an individual student or course section, click the Add button.
Note: If a date does not include a time, the listed date defaults to the course’s default due time.
Save Assignment
If you want to notify users about any future assignment changes, click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox. Click the Save button. 
Notes: 
If your assignment has not yet been published, the assignment displays the Save & Publish button. The Save button creates a draft of your assignment so you can publish it later.
If you click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox, only the students assigned to the assignment are notified of changes. Additionally, only students who have the Content Change notification setting enabled are notified of content changes.How do I allow students to create their own student groups as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Student Groups
To allow students to create their own student groups, select the Let students organize their own groups checkbox.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.
View Student Groups
On the People page, you can view student groups. Click the Student Groups tab to view groups created by your students.How do I download assignment submissions from all my courses as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
Download Submissions
In the sidebar, click the Download Submissions button.
Create Export
Click the Create Export button.
Download Export
When the export has completed, click the New Export link.
Note: Content exports expire after 30 days and can no longer be downloaded.
The ZIP file will automatically download to your computer. If your computer asks you what to do with the file, you can choose to open the file directly, or save the file to your computer.
The filename of the ZIP file includes the date of your export. 
Open ZIP File
Once the file has been downloaded, locate the ZIP file on your computer. To open the file, either double click to open it (MAC users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users).
View Submissions
Open the expanded folder and view your assignment submissions by course.How do I manage rubrics in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Rubrics
In Account Navigation, click the Rubrics link.
Add Rubric
Click the Add Rubric button.
Add Details
Add details to the rubric.
Manage Existing Rubric
Click the name of the rubric you want to edit or delete.
Note: Rubrics that have been used in more than one place cannot be modified.
Edit Rubric
To edit your rubric, click the Edit Rubric button.
Edit Rubric Details
To rename a rubric, type in the Title field. 
To edit a rubric criteria description or long description, click the criteria Edit icon. You can also edit criteria ratings, add rating options, and edit points. 
To delete a criteria from the rubric, click the criteria Delete icon. 
You can also add new criterion and outcomes. 
To save your edits, click the Update Rubric button
To remove associated outcome criteria from a rubric, click the Delete icon. Outcome criteria can only be edited from the Outcomes page. 
Update Rubric
To save any edits you've made to the rubric, click the Update Rubric button. 
Delete Rubric
Click the Delete Rubric button.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.
When you delete a rubric, any course currently using the rubric will still have access to the rubric, but it will no longer be included in new courses.How do I change the language preference in my user account as a student
00:00: How do I change the language preference in my user account as a student?
00:05: In Global Navigation, click the Account link.
00:09: Then click the Settings link.
00:12: Click the Edit Settings button.
00:15: In the Language drop-down menu, choose your preferred language.
00:19: Click the Update Settings button.
00:22: View Canvas in your preferred language.
00:25: This guide showed how to change the language preference in the user account as a student.
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Select Language
In the Language drop-down menu, choose your preferred language.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Preferred Language
View Canvas in your preferred language.How do I configure an external app for an account using a client ID as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to By Client ID.
Enter Client ID
Enter the client ID in the Client ID field.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: If you do not have a client ID, you must first configure an LTI key.
View Error Message
If the submitted client ID is not found in your account's developer keys, Canvas will display an error message.
Install App
To install the app, click the Install button.
View App
View your app on the External Apps page.
To manage your app, click the Settings icon.
To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage app placements, click the Placements link. 
If the app supports LTI Advantage, the Settings menu may also display a Deployment ID link. 
To view the Deployment ID for the app, click the Deployment ID link. App providers who utilize LTI Advantage may require this Deployment ID for app functionality.
To delete the app, click the Delete link.How do I like a reply in a course discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
Like Discussion Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
View Liked Discussion
The Like icon will change color, indicating you have liked the reply.
The Like icon also displays the total number of times a reply has been liked.How do I moderate ePortfolios as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open ePortfolio Moderation
In Account Navigation, click the ePortfolio Moderation link. 
Note: The ePortfolio Moderation link is only visible to admins with the Users - Moderate Content permission.
View ePortfolio Moderation
From the ePortfolio Moderation page, you can manage ePortfolios in your account that have been identified as spam. Each ePortfolio displays the author, name, visibility status, and moderation status. ePortfolios will have one of the following moderation statuses:
Needs review: flagged as possible spam - Instructure's systems have identified this ePortfolio as possible spam and it needs administrator review. It is only visible to the original author and administrators.
Marked as spam - An administrator has reviewed this ePortfolio and marked it as spam. It is only visible to the original author and administrators.
Marked as safe - An administrator has reviewed this ePortfolio and marked it as safe. It is visible to its original intended audience.
Note: ePortfolios marked as safe only display on this page if the ePortfolio is part of an author's account with at least one ePortfolio marked as spam and all ePortfolios have not yet been resolved.
Review ePortfolio
To review an ePortfolio, click the name of the ePortfolio.
To open a user's profile, click the name of the user. From the the profile page, you can manage login information or delete a user.
Note: Removing users via SIS upload does not delete their associated ePortfolios. However, deleting a user account in your Canvas account also deletes their associated ePortfolio. 
View Flagged ePortfolio
An ePortfolios flagged as possible spam will display a warning message that it is only visible to admins and the author.
To mark the portfolio as safe, click the Mark as Safe button.
To mark the portfolio as spam, click the Confirm as Spam button.
View Spam ePortfolio
An ePortfolio marked as spam will display a warning message that it is only visible to admins and the author. Authors cannot edit ePortfolios marked as spam.
To mark the ePortfolio as safe, click the Mark as Safe button.
View Safe ePortfolio
Admins can mark any ePortfolio as spam, even if the ePortfolio is not listed on the ePortfolio Moderation page.
To mark an ePortfolio as spam, navigate to the ePortfolio and click the Mark as Spam button.How do I align an outcome with a rubric in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Rubrics
In Account Navigation, click the Rubrics link.
Open Rubric
Click the name of a rubric.
Create Rubric
To create a new rubric, click the Add Rubric button.
Edit Rubric
Click the Edit Rubric button.
Find Outcome
Click the Find Outcome link.
Import Outcome
Locate and select the outcome you want to align. If you want to use the criterion for scoring, click the Use this criterion for scoring checkbox. Click the Import button.
Note: Available outcomes may vary by institution.
Confirm Import
Click the OK button.
Update Rubric
View the aligned outcome. Click the Update Rubric button.How do I add new people to an existing conversation as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Select Conversation
In the Inbox filter, select an existing conversation.
Reply to Conversation
Locate the message thread and click the Reply icon.
Add Recipients
Start to type a name in the text field, or click the Address Book icon to filter by users or course groups.
Use Address Book
Locate the individual and select his or her name. Names are sorted by last name.
To navigate back to the address book, click the Address Book button.
To exit the course roster menu, press Return (on a MAC keyboard) or Enter (on a PC keyboard).
Verify Recipient
Verify you added the correct person.
Send Message
Enter a reply in the text field. Then click the Send button.
View Message
The link will update the total number of people involved in the conversation. 
Newly added participants will be able to read and comment on the entire conversation, even the messages that were posted before they were added.How do I view course files as a student
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
View Course Files
All published course files can be viewed by all course users. However, some files may restrict access to specific users.
You can preview and download all published files in Course Files.
If you want to see the files for all your courses, click the All My Files link.
View Files for All Courses
Canvas displays your User Files page with all available course folders displayed below your user files. How do I download all student submissions for an assignment in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Menu
Hover over the assignment column header and click the Options icon.
Download Submissions
Click the Download Submissions link.
View Progress
View the progress of the file compression by tracking the progress bar.
Download File
When the file is finished processing, download the file by clicking the Click here to download link. Canvas will also include the size of the download file as part of the link for your reference.
To close the download window, click the Close icon.
Open ZIP File
Once the file has been downloaded, locate the ZIP file on your computer. To open the file, either double click to open it (Mac users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users).
When the file expands, click the submissions folder to view the assignment submissions.How do I use the To Do list and sidebar in the Dashboard as a student
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Sidebar Course Items
The sidebar shows various action items in all your courses. Each item is associated with a specific course. All items from all your active courses display in the sidebar—not just favorited courses in the Dashboard.
For course identification, each sidebar item displays the course code, or short name, for the course. The course code is located directly below the full course name. 
Course nicknames can be set in place of sidebar course codes that are long or otherwise confusing to remember which courses they represent. If you have created a nickname for a course, the nickname displays in the sidebar instead of the course code. However, the original course code always displays in the course card.
View Student Sections
The sidebar helps you see what you need to do next and what feedback you've received across all your courses. However, assignments that are not graded or do not require an online submission only display until the due date. 
The To Do section shows up to seven items with due dates or event dates in the upcoming weeks, including ungraded quizzes, assignments that do not require a Canvas submission, and course announcements. Each item in the To Do list displays the assignment name, the course name, the number of points, and the due date for the assignment. Once the due date has passed, items remain in this section for four weeks.
The Recent Feedback section shows assignments with feedback from your instructor or a peer during the last four weeks.
The View Grades button links to the Dashboard Grades page and displays grades for all active courses.
Manage Sidebar Items
Each section item displays an icon to differentiate between different assignment types and other items in the To Do list.
If a section contains more items than can be shown, you can view all to-do items using the Show All link. This link directs you to the List View Dashboard.
To remove a To Do item, click the remove icon. The item(s) remain removed from the list.
Note: Assignments submitted through Canvas disappear automatically from the To Do list; no-submission assignments (submitted on paper/in class) can only be removed from the list manually.
Create New Course
If allowed by your institution, you may also be able to create a new course from the Dashboard.How do I restore a deleted user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
Click the Admin Tools link.
Select Restore Type
In the Restore Content tab, click the Select a restore type drop-down menu and select the Users option.
You can also restore deleted courses.
Search User ID
In the User ID field, enter the user ID of the user you want to restore. Click the Find button.
Restore User
When the user is displayed, click the Restore button.
Confirm User Restore
Canvas confirms you have restored your user.
To view the user, click the View User button. How do I enable a grading scheme for a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Grading Scheme
Click the Enable course grading scheme checkbox.
Set Grading Scheme
To use a default grading scheme provided by your account, click the Grading Scheme drop-down menu and select the grading scheme.
To create a grading scheme for your course, click the Add New Grading Scheme button.
View Grading Scheme
To view the grading scheme that you set, click the View button.
Select Grading Scheme
Canvas displays the Default Canvas Grading Scheme. If you want to select another grading scheme, click the Grading Scheme drop-down menu and select a Course Level or Account Level grading scheme.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I create a file link in a page in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you want to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Select Link Location
In the Rich Content Editor, place your cursor where you wish to insert your file.
Insert File Link
You can add links to group or user files. The name of the page will appear in the Rich Content Editor and flash yellow. Then the name will turn blue, indicating it is a link. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
View Page
View the page.How do I view average course grade analytics in a data table in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
Click the Course Grade tab.
View Data Table
Click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. 
View Data Status
If the course has been concluded, the analytics page includes a Concluded label.
View Filter
The analytics page is dynamic based on filtered content. By default, all results display the course average, which cannot be removed.
You can also view the average grade percentage for all students, which is not affected by any filter.
Filter by Assignment
By default, analytics selects all assignment types to display within the page.
To filter by assignment type, remove the checkbox next to the assignment type. The chart dynamically updates the results based on the assignment type selected or removed in the filter.
Note: At least one assignment type is required at all times.
Compare Course Data
For analytical comparisons, you can compare table data by filtering a section, student, or assignment.
View Student Table
In the Students tab, you can also view the specific students that are part of each filter.
For each student, the table displays the following data:
Students: the list of students in the course sorted by last name. Click a student's name to view analytics for the student
Grade: current course grade
On Time: the percent of assignments submitted on or before a due date
Last Participation: the date the student last interacted with the course
Last Page View: the date the student last accessed the course
Page Views: the total page views for the student
Participations: the total participations for the student
View Additional Students
By default, the students table displays 20 students at a time. You can view additional pages in the pagination bar.
Sort Student Data
By default, the table sorts by last name, first name. However, you can sort any column in ascending or descending order by clicking the heading name. The sorted column is indicated by the sort arrow.
Message Students Who
To send a message to students whose grades or submissions are within specific criteria, click the Message button.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
CSV files display a student's full name, sortable name, Canvas user ID, SIS user ID or email (if applicable), overall course grade, the percent that assignments have been on time, the last page view time, the last participation time, and the last time the student logged out.What is New Quizzes
Instructors
Build Quizzes
Instructors can use New Quizzes to build quizzes with several item types that measure student competency in a variety of subjects. Quizzes can be modified using various quiz settings and aligned to outcomes at the quiz or question level.
Moderate Student Attempts
Instructors can moderate student attempts and review students' answers.
View Reports
New Quizzes includes quiz reports for admins and instructors to view student performance, including mastery of learning outcomes.
Students
Complete Quizzes
Students can access New Quizzes from a Canvas course to take a quiz.
View Quiz Results
Students can view their results from New Quizzes quizzes. Quiz results include overall and individual questions scores. They may also include instructor feedback.How do I organize my ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize Sections
Click the Organize Sections link.
Manage Sections
You can organize your ePortfolio sections in the menu. 
To rename a section, click the name of the section and type the new name in the field. 
To reorder a section, hover over the section name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location in your ePortfolio organization.
View Section Settings
You can also use the Settings icon to organize ePortfolio sections.
To view your options, click the Settings icon. To rename a section, click the Rename link. To delete a section, click the Delete link. 
To move a section, click the Move To... link.
Move Section
In the section drop-down menu, select the section that should come after the section you are moving. Click the Move button.
Save Changes
Click the Done Editing button.How do I manage feature options in my user account as an admin
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
View Feature Settings
Available features appear in the Feature Settings section. 
Filter Feature Options
To filter by all features, enabled features or disabled features, click the Filter drop-down menu.
Search Feature Settings
To search for a feature setting, type a keyword in the Search field. 
View Types of Features
Each feature includes a feature description. To expand the feature box and display the description, click the arrow icon.
View Feature Tags
Feature tags help identify the state of each feature. 
A feature with no label means the feature is stable and ready for use in your production environment. 
Features may also include a beta tag, which means the feature is available for use in your production environment but is still being tested for usability and accessibility behavior. Enabling a beta feature may create unintended behavior within your Canvas account.
Note: Occasionally features may include a Development tag, which means the feature is only available for testing in your beta environment; it is not available in your production environment. Not all institutions allow testing in beta environments.
View Feature States
You can choose to enable or disable feature settings.
To enable or disable a feature, click the feature's State icon. 
To turn the feature on, click the Enabled option. Enabled features display the Enabled icon.
To turn the feature off, click the Disabled option. Disabled features display the Disabled icon. How do I add a new term in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Terms
In Account Navigation, click the Terms link.
Add New Term
Click the Add New Term link.
Add Term Details
In the Term Name field, enter a name for the term. This name will be displayed as part of any course added to the term.
If your institution is using SIS IDs, you can enter an SIS ID for the term in the SIS ID field. In SIS CSV files, the SIS ID is called the course ID.
Add Term Dates
In the Term Runs from line, use the calendar icons to set a term start date and term end date. 
By default, the student dates to view courses inherit the Term Runs from [start date] to [end date], and Teachers, TAs, and Designers dates inherit a whenever start date to [term end date]. 
Notes: 
By default, term access is cut off at 12 AM on your indicated end date, meaning the previous day is the last full day that users have access to the term. For instance, setting an end date of December 16 means December 15 is the last full day users can access the course. However, you can set a specific time as part of the term dates.
End dates occur at precisely the minute they are set. For example, a term with an end time at 11:59pm will end at 11:59:00.
Add User Dates
Each term allows you to set specific participation dates for each user role. 
If you want each user role to inherit the default term dates, you do not need to enter any dates. Once you save the term and add it to your account, the user roles will display the following defaults:
Students inherit the term start and term end date (identified in the Terms page as term start and term end).
Teachers, TAs, and Designers dates inherit a whenever start date to the term end date (identified in the Terms page as term end). Whenever means that there is no start date, and these user roles can always access a course before the term begins.
Modify User Dates
If you want to set start and end dates for a specific user role, locate the role and set dates for that role.
For example, if you want teachers to only be able to access unpublished courses two months before the term start date, and TAs only one week before the term start date, you can set a new start date for each of their respective roles. Date changes to a base role affect all users with the role, including custom roles. 
Notes: 
Use caution when editing a whenever date, as the whenever entry is no longer available after it is edited. 
Changing the Teachers, TAs, and Designers start dates affects their ability to access unpublished courses in the term.
Add Term
Click the Add Term button.
Manage Term
To edit the term details, click the Edit icon. To delete the term, click the Delete icon. 
Note: Terms cannot be deleted if they contain courses.How do I view my support cases in the Instructure support portal as an admin
Open Cases
In the Field Admin Console home page, click the Cases tab.
View Cases
The Cases page displays the Cases table, which lists open cases from accounts you manage. Each case displays a case number, status, subject, user who created the case, date of last modification, date and time the case was opened, owner name, and account name. 
Filter Cases Table
To filter the Cases table, click the Filter menu. You can filter cases by Instructure product, status, cases created today, cases assigned to you, recently viewed cases, or triaged cases.
To pin a filter as the default view for the Cases page, click the Pin icon.
To search the Cases table, click the Search field. To refresh the table, click the Refresh button.
Open Case
To open a case, click the case number.How do I bulk update due dates and availability dates as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
Open Assignment Dates
On the Assignments page, click the Options icon. Then select the Edit Assignment Dates option. 
View Assignment Dates
You can view and manage assignment information on the Edit Assignment Dates page. All graded items in your course, including assignments, discussions, and quizzes, are listed in the Title column. Current assignment due dates and times (if any) display in the Due At column, and current availability dates (if any) display in the Available From and Available Until columns. 
You can also view and edit differentiated due dates for students, sections, and groups. 
Select Multiple Assignment Dates
You can edit multiple assignment dates at the same time by selecting multiple assignments. 
To select all assignments that fall within a date range, type dates into the date range fields or select dates using the calendar icon.
To select all assignments, click the Select All checkbox.
To select specific assignments, click the checkboxes in the assignment rows.
The number of assignments selected displays in the header.
To batch edit selected assignments, click the Batch Edit button.
Batch Edit Assignment Dates
When you batch edit assignment dates, you can choose to shift dates forward by a number of days or remove due and availability dates. The option you choose applies to all selected assignments.
To shift dates forward by a number of days, click the Shift Dates option. Type the number of days to shift assignments dates in the Days field or use the up and down arrow buttons to select the number of days.
To remove due and availability dates from all selected assignments, select the Remove Dates option.
When you are finished, click the Ok button.
Edit Individual Assignment Dates
To edit an individual assignment due, availability date or time, locate the item in the list and click the corresponding date field you wish to update. Type the date and time in the Date field, or select a date from the calendar. You can update due dates for assignments with existing due dates or enter a new due date for an assignment without a due date.
View Date Error
If you enter invalid due or availability dates, an error displays beneath the invalid date. You must modify or remove the invalid date before you can save your date changes.
Revert Date Changes
To revert date changes for an assignment, click the Remove icon. Reverting changes removes any date changes made to the assignment dates.
Save Updated Dates
To save your updates, click the Save button.
View Save Progress
Canvas displays the progress for your updates. 
View Update Notification
When your updates save successfully, Canvas displays a Success notification.How do I copy a Canvas course into a new course shell as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Copy Course Content
Click the Copy this Course link.
Create Course Details
Enter the Name and Course Code for the new course. The name will be displayed on the Course Home Page and in Conversations. The course code will be displayed at the top of the Course Navigation menu and in the course card in the dashboard. Course code is also referred to as the reference code or short name. 
Enter the Start date and End date for the new course.
Note: If the current course includes course override dates in Course Settings, the Start and End date fields will be populated with those dates.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, select the All Content radio button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content radio button.
Note: If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import; this action cannot be cancelled.
Bulk Migrate Existing Quizzes as New Quizzes
If allowed by your institution, you can bulk migrate existing quizzes into New Quizzes by clicking the Import existing quizzes as New Quizzes checkbox. 
If your institution enables the quiz migration feature, question banks linked via a question group in Classic Quizzes will migrate to New Quizzes. If the quiz migration feature is not enabled by your institution, questions from question banks must be individually added before migrating to New Quizzes.
Notes: 
New Quizzes does not include a survey feature. Therefore, surveys migrated from Classic Quizzes come over as standard quizzes in New Quizzes.
After migration to New Quizzes, multiple dropdown questions display as matching questions.
Text No Question questions migrate to New Quizzes as Stimulus questions. An instructor must add a question in order for it to display in a quiz.
Question groups with manually created questions will migrate as item banks in New Quizzes.
If a quiz is migrated multiple times, Canvas uses smart merging to decipher the question bank content that should be retained. This process helps ensure all content is retained, such as in cases where multiple users may be making edits to a quiz at the same time.
Practice quizzes from Classic Quizzes can be migrated to New Quizzes. Once migrated, by default, the practice quizzes are displayed as zero points possible and are hidden from the Gradebook and Grades page.
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox.
Copy Blueprint Course Settings
You can copy settings from a blueprint course into another blueprint course. Copying blueprint settings applies the same lock preferences to objects as the original blueprint course. To copy settings from a blueprint course, click the Copy Blueprint Course Settings checkbox.
Create Course
Click the Create Course button. 
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import. 
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I view annotation feedback comments directly in an assignment submission as an observer
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Submission Details
Locate the assignment and click the assignment name.
Open Feedback
Click the View Feedback button.
Note: If the assignment attachment displays a Preview button, the file is not DocViewer compatible.
View Annotated Comments
View the instructor's annotated comments. When an annotated comment includes multiple content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link. To expand a comment, click the Ellipses link.
Download File
To download a PDF of the submission and annotations, click the Download icon. How do I create an outcome for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Add Outcome
Click the New Outcome button.
Create Outcome
Enter a name for the outcome in the Name this outcome field. 
When instructors allow students to view Learning Mastery scores on the Grades page, students will see the name of the outcome. However, you may want to create a custom, friendly name. To create a friendly name for student view, enter a name in the Friendly name (optional) field. 
You can also enter a description in the Rich Content Editor field.
Add Criterion Ratings
Click the Edit icon to edit the criterion rating. You can change the existing name (if desired) for the criterion in the Criterion Name field. Set the criterion point value by typing in the Points field. 
To save the criterion, click the OK button. To remove the criterion completely, click the Delete button.
To add additional criterion ratings, click the Insert link.
Note: If you cannot edit criteria for your outcome, your institution has enabled account-wide mastery scales.
Set Mastery and Calculation Method
Set the mastery point value in the Mastery at field. This field indicates the number of points that must be achieved for mastery according to the criterion ratings.
In the Calculation Method drop-down menu, select the calculation method for the outcome. By default, new outcomes are set to the Weighted Average calculation method in the Canvas interface.
Click the Save button.
Note: If you cannot edit calculation methods for your outcome, your institution has enabled account-wide outcome calculation methods.
View Outcome
View the created outcome.How do I sync course content in a blueprint course as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Blueprint Sidebar
In the Course Home Page, click the Blueprint sidebar tab.
Note: You can also access the Blueprint sidebar from any Course Navigation page.
View Sidebar
The Blueprint sidebar provides quick access to blueprint sync information. 
If any changes have been made in the course, the sidebar displays the number of unsynced changes in the course. All course content is copied in the sync regardless of whether or not objects are locked. The only exception is Course Settings, which must be selected on a per-sync basis as part of the sync options. You can also create a notification about the sync from the sidebar.
If you know what content is being synced and you are ready to sync your content, you can sync updates directly from the sidebar.
View Unsynced Changes
If you are not sure what content is being synced, or if you just want to confirm existing changes in the course, you can view specific details about the unsynced changes by clicking the Unsynced Changes link.
The Unsynced Changes page shows the specific content that has been updated. Each content object shows the current status of the object (locked or unlocked), the name of the content item, the content change, and the content object type. 
Content changes can be created, updated, or deleted. Updated changes indicate any change to existing content.
Select Sync Options
Course Settings include all settings options in the course, including Course Navigation. To sync Course Settings to associated courses, select the Include Course Settings checkbox. 
If you want to send a notification about the blueprint sync, click the Send Notification checkbox. Admins and other instructors can set the Blueprint sync notification and receive updates when a sync is complete.
To add a message as part of the notification, click the Add a Message checkbox. The message can be added as a reference to note what changes were made in the sync and displays in the Sync History page.
Sync Changes
Click the Sync button.
View Sync
Once a sync has started, the sidebar shows the sync status as long as you are viewing the page. You can leave the page, but know that the sync may take a while to process. 
Notes: 
If you immediately view an associated course and don’t see any updates, the sync may still be in process. To confirm sync completion, enable the Blueprint sync notification in User Settings.
Only BluePrint master course content will sync with associated courses. Content that was manually added or copied using a different format will not sync.How do I create a discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Create Discussion
Add a title for your discussion in the Topic Title field.
To add discussion content, use the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box. 
If you want to create a section-specific discussion that is not graded, click the Post to drop-down menu. You can select one or multiple sections. To create a graded section-specific discussion, use the discussion options.
Note: When a document is uploaded to the Rich Content Editor from a quiz, the file is saved to the Uploaded Media folder in Course Files and defaults to hidden status. Students can view the file when the quiz is made available to them. Learn more about file visibility.
Add Attachment
To add an attachment to your discussion, click the Choose File button.
If required by your institution, you will need to select usage right settings for your attachment. To manage usage right settings, click the Set usage rights icon.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of five usage rights. If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to your file, please consult your institutional admin for guidance:
I hold the copyright (original content created by you)
I have obtained permission to use the file (authorized permission by the author)
The material is in the public domain (explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright)
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws (excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education)
The material is licensed under Creative Commons; this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
To save your usage right settings, click the Save button. You can edit usage right settings by clicking the Set usage rights icon.
Add Discussion Options
By default, discussions are created as focused discussions. To create a threaded discussion, click the Allow threaded replies checkbox.
To require users to reply to the discussion before they can see any other replies, click the Users must post before seeing replies checkbox.
To enable a discussion podcast feed, click the Enable podcast feed checkbox.
To allow students to like discussion replies, click the Allow liking checkbox.
To add an ungraded discussion to the student to-do list, click the Add to student to-do checkbox. Student to-do items display in the course calendar, in the student-specific List View Dashboard, and in the global and course home page to-do lists. Graded discussions automatically display in a student's to-do list.
To make the discussion a group discussion, click the This is a Group Discussion checkbox.
To make your discussion available on a specific date or during a specific date range using availability dates, enter the dates in the Available From and Until fields, or click the calendar icons to select dates. If you create a graded discussion, the Available From and Until dates can be set in the Assign field. Before the Available From date, students will only be able to view the discussion title. After the Until date, students can view the discussion topic and all responses but cannot add or edit any responses. 
Create Graded Discussion
To create a graded discussion, click the Graded checkbox. If this option is selected, additional options will be added to the page, where you can assign graded discussions to everyone, individual students, course sections, or course groups. 
Notes: 
If you add sections to the Post To field, the Graded option is unavailable. To create a graded discussion for sections, remove sections from the Post To field and select the Graded option. Then assign the discussion to sections using the graded discussion options.
Graded discussions do not support anonymous grading.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button in the classic Discussions interface or the Publish icon in the Discussions Redesign interface. How do I accept an email invitation to join a Canvas course as a student
Accept Course Invitation
If you've enrolled in or been invited to a Canvas course, you will receive an email that contains your institution's Canvas URL and your email address to use for your login. To accept the course invitation, click the Get Started button.
Accept Course
Canvas will take you to your course and ask you to accept the enrollment. Click the Accept button.
Create Canvas Account
Click the Create My Account button. 
Note: If you already have a Canvas account, click the I Have a Canvas Account button. You'll be directed to the Canvas login page.
Complete Registration
Create a password and enter your time zone. Depending on your account type, you may be asked if you want to receive information, news, and tips from Instructure. 
Select the Acceptable Use Policy checkbox, then click the Register button.How do I create a Numeric question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Numeric Question
Click the Add Numeric button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Select Requirement
To select a requirement for the answer, select an option from the Requirement drop-down menu. You can select Exact Response, Margin of Error, Within a Range, or Precise Response.
To add additional answers, click the Add Possible Answer link.
Select Exact Response
To add an exact response answer, select the Exact Response option. Enter an answer by typing the answer in the Answer field or using the arrows. Exact response answers can be added in scientific notation (accepted format: 1.234*10^5).
Students responses will be marked correct if they match the answer exactly. 
Note: The Range fields only accept numbers, periods, commas, asterisks, and carets. 
Select Margin of Error
To add a margin of error answer, select the Margin of Error option. Enter the answer in the Answer field. Then add the margin in the Margin field and select the margin type in the Margin Type drop-down menu. You can select percentage or absolute margin type. Margin of error fields do not accept entries written in scientific notation. 
Student answers will be marked correct if they fall within the margin above or below the answer. 
Note: The Answer and Margin fields only accept numbers, periods, and commas.
Select Within a Range
To add an answer that must fall within a specific range, select the Within a Range option. Then select the range start and range end for the answer. Range inputs can be in scientific notation (accepted format: 1.234*10^5).
Student responses will be marked correct if they are greater than or equal to the range start and less than or equal to the range end.
Note: The Range fields only accept numbers, periods, commas, asterisks, and carets. 
Select Precise Response
To add an answer with a precise requirement, select the Precise Response option. Then select the answer, precision value, and precision type. The options for precision type are significant digits and decimal places. Precise response fields do not accept entries written in scientific notation. 
Student responses will be marked as correct if they match the answer to the given number of significant digits or decimal places.
Note: The Answer field only accept numbers, periods, and commas. The Precision field only accepts whole numbers greater than 1.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.What is New Analytics
New Analytics Access
To access New Analytics from Course Navigation, click the New Analytics link. 
You can also access New Analytics from the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you do not see New Analytics in Course Navigation, an instructor may need to enable New Analytics in your Course Navigation. 
When would I use New Analytics as an instructor?
You can use New Analytics to track course grades for student submissions, course activity, individual student data, communication data, submission status data, and online attendance. 
As an instructor, you can perform various activities using the following tabs in New Analytics:
Course Grade: View average course grade analytics as an interactive chart graph or a data table. You can also compare the course average with an individual assignment, course section, or student filter using the chart graph comparison or data table comparison. 
Weekly Online Activity: Access page view and participation data as an interactive chart graph or a data table. You can also compare the course average weekly online participation analytics with an individual student or section using the chart graph comparison or data table comparison.
Students: View grade and participation analytics for individual students. You can also view message communication data between you and individual students.
Reports: Run and download reports on missing, late, or excused assignments. The Class Roster report provides a list of enrolled students along with their contact information. The Course Activity report provides a list of daily user interactions in course resources.
Online Attendance: Discover whether students have met online attendance criteria that has been selected by an admin. Admins must enable and configure this report.
You can also use New Analytics to communicate with students based on the analytics. You can:
Send a message to all students based on specific course grade or participation criteria.
Send a message to an individual student based on specific course grade or participation criteria.
Notes:
Data is for viewing only and cannot directly be changed.
Page views and participation metrics include an aggregate across all devices, including Canvas mobile apps.
When would I use New Analytics as a student?
You can use New Analytics as a student to view and/or download data about your grades, course activity, and communication. To access data, click the following tabs:
Course Grade: View a graph or table displaying your grades and submissions
Weekly Online Activity: View a graph or table displaying page views and participation activities
Communication: View a graph or table displaying Inbox message data
What are page views and participations?
A "page view" is when you open a page in a course. Page views can give indicate how a user has been accessing course resources. However, because page view data is based on requests to the server, use page view data as a good approximation to activity and not an absolute metric. Page view data is most valuable for understanding whether activity occurred, and to make comparisons across students within a course or when viewing trends week to week.
Several actions define participation in Canvas and collectively describe events where a user takes an action within a course. The following student actions generate analytics course participation:
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Assignments: submits an assignment
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Pages: creates a page
Quizzes: submits a quiz
Quizzes: starts taking a quizHow do I change the language preference in an account as an admin
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Select Language
In the Settings tab, click the Default Language drop-down menu. Select the new default language.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View in Default Language
View Canvas in the new default language for your account.How do I insert a table using the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Table Editor
To use the table editor, click the Table icon.
Note: To view the Table icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Insert Table
To expand the table creator, hover over the Table option in the drop-down menu. Then, to specify the table dimensions, drag your cursor over the grid. 
Note: The largest table you can create using the table creator is 10x10. However, additional columns and rows can be added manually. 
View Table Layout Tools
When you click on the table in the Rich Content Editor, the Table Context Menu displays.
You can edit the table properties, delete the table, add or delete rows, and add or delete columns.
Open Table Properties
In the Table Context Menu, click the Table Properties icon. 
You can also click the toolbar Table icon, and select the Table Properties option. 
Edit General Table Properties
By default, the table properties editor displays the General tab. Type in the appropriate fields to edit these general table properties. 
Width and Height: enter the width and height of your table (in pixels or percent, e.g. 500px, 50%). 
Cell Spacing: enter the space between individual cells as well as cells and table borders (in pixels, e.g. 3px).
Cell Padding: enter the space between the cell border and its content (in pixels, e.g. 5px). 
Border: enter the thickness of the table border (in pixels, e.g. 5px).
Caption: select to display a caption above the table. 
Alignment: select the alignment of your table in the Rich Content Editor.
To apply edits, click the Save button.
Manually Edit Table Size
You can also manually adjust the width and height of your table in the Rich Content Editor. 
When you click the table, adjustment handles appear in each corner. Click and drag the handles to adjust the size. 
Edit Advanced Table Properties
To view additional customization options, click the Advanced tab.
Edit Border Style
To edit the border line style, click the Border Style drop-down menu. 
Select a border line style from the displayed options. For your table to display without lines, select the None option. You can also select to hide table lines.
To apply the border style, click the Save button. 
Edit Border and Background Colors
You can edit the table colors using the Border Color and Background Color options. 
Enter a color name or HEX code (in #nnnnnn format) in the color field. 
You can also click the Color Swatch button and select a color from the color drop-down menu. View the color name by hovering your mouse over the color tile. To remove color formatting, click the Remove Color icon. To select a custom color, click the Custom Color icon. 
To apply the colors, click the Save button.
View Cell Format Options
With one or more cells selected within the table, click the Table icon, then hover over the Cell option. 
To edit the cell properties, click the Cell properties option. 
To merge cells, click the Merge cells option. 
To split merged cells, click the Split cell option. 
Edit General Cell Properties
By default, the Cell properties editor displays the General tab. You can edit the following general cell properties:
Width and Height: adjust the width and height of your cell or cells (in pixels or percent, e.g. 500px, 50%). 
Cell Type: select from header cell or general cell options.
Scope: select whether the cell or cells is a header for a column, row, or group of columns or rows. 
H Align: select the horizontal alignment for text in the cell or cells
V Align: select the vertical alignment for text in the cell or cells
To apply edits, click the Save button.
Edit Advanced Cell Properties
To view additional customization options, click the Advanced tab. Edit cells using the following options:
Border style: select a border line style, or hide or remove cell border lines. 
Border color: enter a color name or HEX code (in #nnnnnn format), or use the Color swatch to select a border color for the cell or cells. 
Background color: enter a color name or HEX code (in #nnnnnn format), or use the Color swatch to select a cell background color. 
To apply edits, click the Save button. 
Edit Row Options
With the table selected or with a specific row selected, use the Table Context Menu row options to add or remove a row. 
To view more row options, click the Table icon, then hover over the Row option. Edit rows by clicking the appropriate option.
Insert row: select to enter a row before (above) or after (below) the selected row
Delete row: delete the row and its content
Row properties: view options for row type, alignment, height, and colors.
Cut row: cut the row and place it in the clipboard, ready to be pasted.
Copy row: copy the row and place it in the clipboard, ready to be pasted.
Paste row: After cutting or copying a row, select to enter the row before (above) or after (below) the selected row. 
Edit Column Options
With the table selected or with a specific column selected, use the Table Context Menu column options to add or remove a column. 
Alternatively, you can click the Table icon, then hover over the Column option. Edit columns by clicking the appropriate option.
Insert column: select to enter a column before (left) or after (right) the selected column
Delete column: delete the column and its content
Delete Table
With the table selected, click the Table Context Menu Delete icon. You can also click the toolbar Table icon, and then click the Delete table option.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.How do I import quizzes from QTI packages as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content button.
Select Content Type
In the drop-down menu, select the QTI .zip file option.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Find and click the ZIP file you want to import. Click the Open button.
View Import Options
You can manage options for your import before it is created.
If New Quizzes is enabled in your course, you can convert quizzes in the import package to the New Quizzes format.
You can also overwrite assessment content with matching IDs.
Import Existing Quizzes as New Quizzes
If allowed by your institution, you can import existing quizzes into New Quizzes by clicking the Import existing quizzes as New Quizzes checkbox.
If your institution enables the quiz migration feature, question banks linked via a question group in Classic Quizzes will migrate to New Quizzes. If the quiz migration feature is not enabled by your institution, questions from question banks must be individually added before migrating to New Quizzes.
Notes: 
The Import existing quizzes as New Quizzes option only displays for courses that have enabled New Quizzes. 
If you have enabled New Quizzes but the option does not display, your institution has not enabled New Quizzes migration upon import. 
You cannot select a default question bank when using the Import assessment content as New Quizzes option.
New Quizzes does not include a survey feature. Therefore, surveys migrated from Classic Quizzes come over as standard quizzes in New Quizzes.
After migration to New Quizzes, multiple dropdown questions display as matching questions.
Text No Question questions migrate to New Quizzes as Stimulus questions. An instructor must add a question in order for it to display in a quiz.
Question groups with manually created questions will migrate as item banks in New Quizzes.
If a quiz is migrated multiple times, Canvas uses smart merging to decipher the question bank content that should be retained. This process helps ensure all content is retained, such as in cases where multiple users may be making edits to a quiz at the same time.
Practice quizzes from Classic Quizzes can be migrated to New Quizzes. Once migrated, by default, the practice quizzes are displayed as zero points possible and are hidden from the Gradebook and Grades page.
Overwrite Assessment Content
To overwrite the assessment content with matching IDs, click the Overwrite assessment content with matching IDs checkbox. 
Some systems recycle their IDs for each new export. Therefore, if you export two separate question banks they will have the same IDs. To prevent losing assessment data Canvas treats the question banks as separate objects despite the IDs. Choosing this option will disable this safety feature and allow assessment data to overwrite existing data with the same IDs.
Select Question Bank
In the Default Question bank drop-down menu, select the Question bank you want to use for your question bank. 
Create Question Bank
If you do not have a question bank you want to use, you can create a new question bank. In the drop-down menu, select the Create new question bank option.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
When the course has completed, view your quizzes by accessing the Quizzes page in Course Navigation. 
Note: If you imported your assessments to New Quizzes, you can view your quizzes from the Assignments page.How do I submit a peer review to an assignment as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
In the Assignment Index page, you can view any peer reviews assigned to you. To open the peer review, click the Required Peer Review link.
You can see the name of students whose assignments you are reviewing. If your peer review is anonymous, the student's name displays as Anonymous Student.
Note: If your instructor has assigned an On Paper or No Submission assignment, the assigned peer review does not display on this page. However, you can still view it from the Dashboard. Learn more about viewing peer review assignments.
Open Assigned Peer Review
Under Assigned Peer Reviews, you can see any peer reviews assigned to you. Click the name of the assigned peer whose work you will be reviewing. The caution sign icon indicates the peer review has not been completed. A checkmark icon indicates that you have completed the peer review.
Open Anonymous Peer Reviews
If your peer review is anonymous, you cannot see the name of the student. The name of the student will also not be shown anywhere in the assignment. 
View Peer Review
To download the assignment, click the name of the assignment. To preview the submission, click the View Feedback link.
Create Annotated Feedback
If the assignment supports annotated feedback, the Preview button will display as View Feedback. 
To open the document with Canvas DocViewer, click the View Feedback link. You can add comments directly to the submission through DocViewer. 
You can leave direct feedback on the assignment using DocViewer, but you cannot view any existing feedback submitted by another student or the instructor.
Note: In anonymous peer reviews, you cannot leave comments in DocViewer.
Complete Rubric
If the assignment has a rubric attached, you are only required to complete the attached rubric for the peer review to be considered finished. 
To view the rubric, click the Show Rubric link.
To score the assignment with the rubric, select rubric ratings or enter a score for each criterion in the Points column. To deselect a rubric rating, click the rubric rating.
Each criterion score will create the total points for the assignment. 
When you're finished, click the Save Comment button. You may need to refresh your browser to see that you've completed the required steps for the peer review.
Notes: 
Depending on how your instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values you will still need to fill out the rubric to complete the peer review.
After you save the rubric, you cannot edit it to change your comments or ratings.
Add Assignment Comment
If your assignment does not include a rubric, you are required to add at least one comment. You cannot view any existing feedback submitted by another student or the instructor.
Type a comment in the comment field, leave a media comment, or attach a file. Click the Save button. 
Note: When an assignment is muted, you can view peer review comments. However, instructor comments are hidden until after the assignment is unmuted.How do I add an assignment from the Calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add icon.
Enter Assignment Details
Enter a title and due date for the new assignment. In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the course for the assignment. In the Group drop-down menu, select the assignment group. 
If your institution has enabled a student information system (SIS) integration, you can enable the assignment to sync to the SIS by selecting the Sync to SIS checkbox.
To publish the assignment, toggle the Publish icon. If you choose not to publish, the assignment will still be created and remain unpublished.
Submit Assignment
To view the assignment page and edit the assignment details, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.How do I log in to the Field Cloud Admin Console as an admin
Log in to Canvas
Using your institution's Canvas URL, enter your Canvas credentials and log in to your account.
Open Console
To log in to the Field Admin Console, enter adminconsole.canvaslms.com in the URL field in a new browser window or tab.
Select Account
If you have an account with more than one Canvas URL, you may be asked to select the account that you want to use to log in. 
View Console
View the Field Admin Console for your account. Learn how to use the Field Admin Console.How do I use Announcements Redesign as an observer
Open Announcements
To view class announcements, click the Announcements link in Course Navigation.
Open Announcement
Click the name of an announcement.
View Announcement
An announcement displayed in the Announcements Redesign interface includes three sections: the announcements toolbar, the announcement, and announcement replies.
View Announcement Toolbar
The announcement toolbar will remain at the top of the screen when you are viewing announcement replies.
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies. 
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button. To return to the top of the announcement, click the Top button.
View Announcement
The announcement includes important information about the announcement, including the announcement title and description.
You can also view the name of the author, the date and time the announcement was published or edited, and number of replies.
View Announcement Replies
Announcement replies display below the announcement.
View Announcement Threaded Replies
When viewing threaded announcement replies, you can collapse and expand the threaded discussion replies sidebar. When a threaded discussion reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the threaded replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, or return to the topic.
To collapse the threaded replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing announcements or replies, you can enter and edit your content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor allows you to format text, link text to course or external content, insert media, and attach files. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor.How do I use the Calendar as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
The Calendar displays everything you are enrolled in since the Calendar spans across all courses. In the navigation bar, you can choose to view the calendar in Week, Month, or Agenda view. The view you choose dictates the style of the calendar window. By default, the calendar appears in Month view.
The sidebar shows a quick-view calendar, your list of courses and groups, and undated items for your courses and groups. 
Add Calendar Items
Each calendar view shows any assignments or events that have been added to the calendar. You can add personal events, including recurring calendar events, at any time in the navigation bar by clicking the Add button.
View Calendar List
Each personal, course, and group calendar is identified by a separate color that populates the calendar view. Associated assignments for each course or group will appear within the calendar view for each calendar. For instance, in the above example, assignments and events from the US History course will appear as purple in the calendar view.
By default, the first 10 course and group calendars will be selected and appear in the calendar view. To hide a calendar, click the box next to the name of the calendar. Calendars that are not active within the calendar view display as faded text. 
Note: Canvas will assign an arbitrary color for each calendar unless a custom color is chosen. Each calendar contains 15 default colors, but you can insert a Hex code to create any color of your choice. Colors set in Dashboard course cards also update in the calendar. 
View Undated Events List
Expanding the Undated items link will show you a list of events and assignments that are not dated. The assignments and events will be differentiated by icons and by the personal, course, or group calendar color.
View Calendar by Month
In the Month view, click the arrow buttons to move from month to month. To view events for the current date, click the Today button.
To view a specific date, click the month link and type a date in the date field or select a date from the calendar.
View Assignments and Events
Assignments are shown with an icon next to the assignment title. The icon reflects the assignment type: Discussion, Assignment, Quiz, or Events.
Each item on the calendar is color-coded to match the courses or calendars in the sidebar.
To view full details for an assignment or event, hover over the item. 
View All-Day Events
All-day events display the Events icon and do not include a specific event time.
If you want to extend an all-day event across multiple days, hover over the edge of the event until you see a black arrow. Drag your event across all required dates in the current month.
View Calendar by Week
To view the calendar by week, click the Week button. The Week view shows all calendar items by date and time. Note that some assignments may be due at 11:59 pm, which appear at the bottom of the calendar view.
View All-day Events
All-day events appear at the top of the calendar week. These events do not include a specific event time.
Like in the Month view, if you want to extend an all-day event across multiple days, hover over the edge of the event until you see a black arrow. Drag your event across all required dates. In Week view, you can only drag your event to the end of the week that you are viewing.
View Calendar Agenda
To view all your calendar items in an agenda format, click the Agenda button.How do I warn users in an account about using non-institutional email addresses for confidential information as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Notifications
Click the Notifications tab.
Select Display Warning
Select the Display one time pop-up warning on Notification Settings page checkbox.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I set details for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View Settings
Account Settings defaults to the Settings tab. Here you can view all the details available to you in your account.
View Account Settings
The Account Settings section allows you to specify settings for the entire account, including account name, default language, default due time, default time zone, and self-enrollment. 
You can also specify trusted URLs at the root account. This option allows accounts to have custom login pages hosted on different domains but still keep the authenticity token.
You can set a default view for the Dashboard using the Default View for Dashboard drop-down menu. Default options include Recent Activity, List View, and Card View. The setting defaults to the Card View. Specifying a default view applies to all new account users. Once a user has selected a different view, the default no longer applies. If you want to apply the selected default view to all users in the account, select the Overwrite all users’ existing default dashboard preferences checkbox. However, users can change their dashboard view at any time in the dashboard options menu.
View Maintenance Window
The Default Time Zone settings also display the maintenance windows for your account. You can expect that all maintenance for your account will occur during your maintenance window, unless emergency maintenance is required. Even though the windows are two hours each, your expected downtime shouldn't last for more than a few minutes. It is also possible that maintenance will not be necessary during your scheduled maintenance windows.
You can view the regular cadence when your maintenance windows take place as well as the specific date and time of your next maintenance window.
View Restriction Settings
You can also manage restriction settings for the entire account. 
If you do not want instructors to be able to rename their courses, click the Don't let teachers rename their courses checkbox. 
If you do not want instructors to modify course availability dates, click the Don't let teachers modify course availability dates checkbox. This checkbox does not display in the Account Setting page for sub-accounts.
To allow students to opt-in to receive scores as part of grading notifications, click the Students can opt-in to receiving scores in email notifications checkbox. When this option is enabled, the user's Notification Settings page displays an opt-in checkbox in the Course Activities Grading section. If you enable this option but disable it at a later time, the checkbox will be removed from the notifications page, and anyone who has opted in will no longer receive scores in grading notifications.
If you do not want students to be able to view quiz questions after their course has concluded, click the Restrict students from viewing quiz questions after course end date checkbox. 
You can choose to restrict student access to view courses before the course start date.
You can also choose to restrict student access to view courses after the course end date.
You can allow the restriction of quantitative data in a course, or you can restrict the view of quantitative data by students and observers in new courses.
You can also disable comments on announcements in all courses. 
You can enable a Mastery Paths for instructor's courses. Mastery Paths allows instructors to customize learning experiences for students based on performance.
To allow students to download course content and view content offline for all courses, select the Allow students to download course content and view offline checkbox. Alternatively, if you'd prefer to allow students to download course content and view content offline for specific courses, you can enable the ePub Exporting feature option for the course. 
You can require that copyright and license information be provided for files before they are published.
You can also disable Canvas media uploads in the Rich Content Editor.
You can allow observers to sign-up for appointments when enabled by the teacher.
You can allow the option to split student names into two separate columns and show first and last names separately in the gradebook.
You can allow users to submit an additional email at registration.
View Slack API Key
You can add a Slack API key in Account Settings to allow users to receive notifications in Slack. The Slack API Key is generated from an app created using the Slack API. To add a new Slack API key, type the Bot User OAuth Access Token copied from Slack in the New Slack Api Key field.
Learn more about creating a Slack App for your institution.
Note: Creating a Slack App and generating an Access Token requires that you are also an admin user in Slack.
View Personal Pronouns
The Personal Pronouns section allows you to enable and customize personal pronoun options in your account. When enabled, users can select a pronoun to display after their username in several areas in Canvas.
View Quiz IP Address Filters
The Quiz IP Address filter allows an admin to create a predefined list of IP addresses or address ranges, making it easier for instructors to select a valid setting when creating a quiz. Since this is often used by an organization to limit tests to an on-campus testing center, it is recommended that you use a descriptive name that associates your filter with that location.
Filters can be a comma-separated list of addresses, or an address followed by a mask (i.e., 192.168.217.1/24 or 192.168.217.1/255.255.255.0). For more information on these masks, view the IP Filtering in Canvas resource document.
View Features
The Features section lets you enable or disable specific built-in Canvas functionality.
To enable Canvas for Elementary, select the Canvas for Elementary checkbox.
To allow sub-accounts to use the Theme Editor, select the Let sub-accounts use the Theme Editor to customize their own brandingcheckbox.
To allow users to be added to a course via email address without already having a Canvas user account, select the Open Registrationcheckbox.
To allow users to add pronunciations to their take, select the Enable name pronunciations checkbox.
To allow users to edit their name as part of their user account settings, select the Users can edit their namecheckbox.
In a Root Account, admins can disable users from editing communication channels. Additionally, when profiles are enabled by an institution, admins can disable users from editing their profiles. By default, the Users can edit their profiles checkbox and Users can edit their communication channels settings checkbox are enabled.
To allow users to delete the institution-added email address in their user accounts and use a personal email address, select the Users can delete their institution-assigned email addresscheckbox. If this feature is selected, also consider enabling the non-institutional email notification.
Show the email address of sender for user interaction Notificationscheckbox.
To show a searchable list of courses in the root account when the public course index setting is enabled, select the Show a searchable list of courses in this root account with the "Include this course in the public course index" flag enabled checkbox.
To enable push notifications for a mobile device, select the Enable push notifications to a mobile devices checkbox.
To remove the hidden game within Canvas, select the Remove hidden game from 404 page checkbox.
To suppress notifications from being created and sent out from your Root Account, click the Suppress notifications from being created and sent out checkbox.
To allow users to integrate content with Equella, select the Equellacheckbox.
To enable analytics for the account, select the Analyticscheckbox.
To allow users to upload a profile picture in their user accounts, select the User Avatarscheckbox. When this feature is enabled, you can manage profile pictures for all users. This feature is independent of the Profiles feature, which must be enabled by a Customer Success Manager.
When the User Avatars checkbox is selected, the Enable Gravatar checkbox is also selected by default. A Gravatar is a globally recognized avatar associated for a user in any website that supports Gravatars. When Gravatars are enabled in an account, users can import their Gravatar when selecting a profile picture in their user settings page. Gravatars are associated with the user’s Gravatar email address. When Gravatars are disabled, the From Gravatar tab is not included as an option in the Select Profile Picture window.
View SIS Grade Export Settings
If you've integrated your account with a student information system (SIS), depending on your institution's configuration, you can either configure SIS submissions for your entire account or manage SIS integration settings. 
View Help Menu Options
As an account admin, you can customize the Help menu that appears in Canvas for all users. You can also add custom help links for your institution and have them display to all or specific user roles.
View Similarity Detection Platform
The Similarity Detection Platform section displays for all accounts and is used for plagiarism LTI tool integrations. 
If your account has installed at least one plagiarism LTI tool, any content you include in the Similarity Pledge text field will display to students. Similarity pledges require students to check a box acknowledging they agree with the pledge information, which usually asks them to verify their work is their own and that any sources have been properly cited.
You can also set the originality score default for the entire account in the Students can see originality score drop-down menu. You can set the report to generate immediately upon assignment submission, after an assignment is graded, after an assignment due date, or never. The account default is not required and can be changed at any other level. Subaccounts can set a separate default from the account, and individual assignments within a course can set their own originality preferences as well. 
View Web Services
The Enabled Web Services section is where you enable third-party integrations. These integrations can be used to extend the functionality of a user's Canvas profile. For example, when a user connects their Twitter account to their Canvas user profile, Canvas can send that user private Twitter messages about new assignments, quizzes, messages, etc. This is all configurable in the user's Notification Settings.
Note: If you enable the Google Apps LTI for your entire institution, you do not need to enable the Google Drive web service for your students.
View Course Template
If a course has been designated as a course template, you can select the template to be used for all new courses in your account or sub-account.
View Who Can Create New Courses
You can choose who can create new courses within your account in addition to account administrators. This setting allows the selected user(s) to create new course shells by clicking the Create a New Course button in the Dashboard.
You can allow teachers, students, and/or users with no enrollments to create courses in your account.
You can also manage where new courses created by teachers and students can be placed. To allow courses to be created in any account where a teacher or student has an active enrollment, click the Allow creation anywhere the user has active enrollments checkbox. To allow courses to only be created in the Manually-Created Courses sub-account, click the Allow creation only in the Manually-Created Courses sub-account checkbox.
Copied courses are added to the same subaccount as the course that was copied.
Note: Account administrators can always create courses.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I use the Quizzes Index Page as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
View Quizzes Index Page
The Quizzes Index page is designed with global settings at the top of the page, followed by the grouped Quiz types. Individual quizzes are nested within each Quiz type.
View Quizzes Global Settings
Global settings include searching for quizzes and adding new quizzes. You can also manage course quiz options in the Options menu.
View Quizzes Options
In the Options menu, you can manage course question banks.
If your institution has enabled New Quizzes and you chose to save your quiz engine choice when creating a quiz, you can reset your saved choice. To reset your quiz engine choice, select the Reset quiz engine choice option in the options drop-down menu.
View Quizzes Groups
Quizzes groups can be expanded and collapsed by clicking the arrow next to the name.
View New Quizzes Assessments
If you are using the New Quizzes LTI in your course, the Quizzes page indicates a New Quizzes assessments with the New Quizzes icon. Quizzes created with the classic Canvas quiz tool are indicated with the Classic Quiz icon. Both quiz types can be used in the same course.
For help with New Quizzes functionality, please see the New Quizzes chapter in the Instructor Guide. 
View Individual Quiz
Each quiz displays the quiz name, due date (if any), the number of points the quiz is worth, the number of questions in the quiz, and the quiz draft state status (published or unpublished).
You can also set varied due dates for a quiz and create due dates according to course section. Varied due dates appear as multiple dates.
Note: Due dates are not required for a quiz.
View Availability Dates
Quizzes can also include availability dates. Availability dates can make an assignment available for only a specific period of time.
Manage Individual Quiz
To manage an individual quiz, click the Options icon.
In the Options drop-down menu, you can edit the quiz, open SpeedGrader, delete the quiz, migrate the quiz to New Quiz, send the quiz to another instructor, or copy the quiz to another course.
Note: The migrate option is accessible if the New Quizzes feature option is enabled in your course.
View SIS Quizzes
If your institution has enabled a student information system (SIS) integration, you can tell if a quiz is set up to be sent to your institution's SIS. Quizzes can be enabled directly by clicking the sync icon next to a quiz. 
Note: Some institutions may limit quiz names and/or require quiz due dates. If you try to enable an quiz and you receive an error message, the error will show which requirement needs to be resolved before the quiz can be enabled to be synced to your SIS.
View MasteryPaths
If you use MasteryPaths in your course, you can tell which items are set up in Modules as MasteryPaths or conditional content items.
View Blueprint Course
If your course includes Blueprint icons, your course is associated with a blueprint course. Blueprint Courses are courses managed as a template and may contain locked objects managed by a Canvas admin, course designer, or other instructor.
The Course Details tab in Course Settings will tell you if your course is a blueprint course. Most commonly, your course will not be a blueprint course and you can only manage unlocked content in your course. If your course is a blueprint course, you can lock and sync course content to associated courses. 
View Student View
To view the quizzes index page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I view my Canvas groups as a student
Open Groups
In Global Navigation, click the Groups link, then view your current groups. To view all your groups, click the All Groups link.
View Groups
Groups are organized into Current Groups and Previous Groups.
View Current Groups
Current Groups are groups in courses that are part of the current semester or term. You can view the name of the group and the course name for the group. If a course includes a term date, the term date displays next to the course name. Depending on access settings for a course, Current Groups can also display groups in courses that have been published but have not yet started.
Groups that are available to you display linked text. These groups are associated with current courses. To open a group, click the name of the group.
View Previous Groups
Groups listed under the Previous Groups heading are groups that are part of courses that have concluded. Students cannot view group material nor interact with the group after the course is concluded.
Note: Some institutions may not allow previous groups to display in the Courses page.How do I join a conference in a course as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution.
Join Conference
Next to the conference you want to join, click the Join button.
Notes: 
If you do not have the option to join a conference, you may not have been invited to the conference by the host.
You cannot join a conference until the conference host has started the conference.
Join the Audio
To use your microphone during the conference, click the Microphone icon. To join the conference without enabling a microphone, click the Listen only icon. You will be able to change your audio preference once you've joined the conference.
View Chrome Microphone Permissions
To enable a microphone in a Chrome browser, click the Allow button.
View Firefox Microphone Permissions
To enable a microphone in a Firefox browser, select your microphone in the Microphone to share menu. Then click the Allow button.
Complete Audio Test
To ensure your audio is working correctly, complete the private audio echo test. Speak a few words and if you hear audio, click the Yes icon. To choose a different microphone and repeat the audio test, click the No icon.
Note: It is recommended that you use a headset with a microphone for best audio experience.
View Conference
View the conference.
Learn how to use the Conferences interface.How do I edit an event or assignment in the Calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Edit Event
View event details by clicking the event you want to view and clicking the Edit button.
Edit Event Details
Here you can edit the event title, date, specify a time range, frequency and location. You can move the event to a different calendar using the Calendar drop-down menu. 
To add a location address or use the Rich Content Editor to add additional event details or links, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.
Note: Events that include a conferencing link in the description or location field display a Join button on students' List View Dashboard.
Edit To-do Item Details
If you assign student to-do dates to a page or ungraded discussion, the item displays in the course calendar. You can edit the to-do item Title and Date, and specify a time. 
To edit the discussion or page, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.
Edit Assignment
View assignment details by clicking the event you want to view and clicking the Edit button.
Edit Assignment Details
You can edit the assignment title, due date, and assignment group. 
To edit assignment details, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.
Note: If your institution has enabled a student information system (SIS) integration, you can manage the assignment to sync to the SIS by selecting the Sync to SIS checkbox.
Edit Appointment Details
When editing an appointment created in the Scheduler, a different menu displays than assignments or events.
You can edit the description or limit the amount of users for this appointment. To submit your changes, click the Update button.
Drag and Drop Event or Assignment
You can also change the date of an event or assignment in the same calendar by dragging and dropping the event or assignment to a different date on the month view or mini calendar. Click the event or assignment, drag to the new date, and release your mouse.
You can add items from the Undated list to the course calendar by dragging and dropping the item to a desired calendar date. Adding items from the Undated item list to the calendar assigns them a due date and removes the item from the Undated list. The item displays on the student-specific List View dashboard and in the global and course home page to-do lists.
Note: You cannot drag and drop appointments created in the scheduler.
Manage Undated Items
You can drag and drop undated assignments to and from the month view of the calendar or mini calendar. Notice the due date of that assignment will change to 11:59pm on that day. Moving events or assignments to the undated items section will remove the date. How do I view all aligned items in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Open Alignments
Click the Alignments tab.
Open Outcome
In the All Outcomes drop-down menu, you can view all outcomes, outcomes with alignments or outcomes without alignments.
Click the expand arrow next to the outcome you want to view.
View Alignments
View the course content items aligned to the outcome and the module in which they are located, if applicable. 
Aligned items are identified with an icon displaying the item type: assignment or rubric. 
You can view the number of course content items aligned to an outcome.How do I access the Canvas beta environment as an instructor
Access Beta Environment
To log in to your beta environment, type [organization name].beta.instructure.com into the URL field. 
View Test Installation Message
Users in the beta environment will see the Test Installation bar across the bottom of the screen indicating the user is in a Canvas Test Installation. Beta environments reset every Saturday and any content created in this environment will be deleted. If you want to save any course content created in your beta environment, you can export your course. 
Note: To hide the Test Installation bar, click the close icon.
Manage Canvas Features
Some new features may be released as opt-in only and will not appear until you enable them in your beta environment. You can view these features in the Feature Options tab within Course Settings. Learn how to manage new features for an individual course.How do I star a conversation as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Star and Unstar Conversations
To create a starred message, click the star icon. If you want to remove the star, click the star icon again. 
View Starred Conversations
To view only starred conversations, click the Inbox drop-down menu. In the drop-down menu, select the Starred link.
View Starred Conversations Only
View all the conversations you have starred.How do I view the Grades page for a student as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Course Grade
The grade summary displays your student's total grade, and allows you to show or hide all scoring details, comments, and rubrics shown in the Grades page.
Depending on the grade calculation for the course, your student's total grade may display as a point value or as a percentage. 
Note: Your instructor may restrict you from viewing your student's total grade.
View Current and Total Grades
By default, the Grades page displays your student's current course grade. The current grade is calculated by adding the score for graded assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme. This grade is calculated with the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox.
The total grade is calculated by adding all assignments, both graded and ungraded, according to their weight in the course grading scheme. To view the total grade, deselect the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox. 
Note: If your student's instructor has restricted you from viewing the current and/or total grades, selecting or deselecting the sidebar checkbox still affects individual assignments. You may be able to see small changes with assignment shading indicating that a grade may be dropped from the course.
View Assignment Grades
From the grades page you can select the course for which you want to view grades by clicking the Course drop-down menu. By default, the Grades page displays assignments chronologically by assignment due date. To sort grades by module, assignment name, or assignment group, click the Arrange by drop-down menu. However, if modules or assignment groups aren't used in the course, they won't be included as sorting options. To apply selected sort options, click the Apply button. Assignments that are not part of a module display at the end of the assignments list in alphabetical order. 
You can view assignment names, due dates, assignment submission dates, statuses, scores, and total point values. You may also be able to view whether the assignment includes a comments, scoring details, or a scoring rubric.
You may see various grade icons in the score column indicating the assignment type. Assignments that display a grade icon have not been graded by the instructor. Once the assignment is graded, the icon will be replaced by your student's score.
To print your student's grades, click the Print button.
Note: The Status column only appears if one or more assignments have an associated status.
View Grading Periods
If grading periods are enabled in your student's course, you can view their grades according to grading period. By default the Grades page displays the current grading period. If an assignment does not include a due date, it will display as a part of the last grading period. To view grades for another course, click the Course drop-down menu. To see the specified grading period and course, click the Apply button.
If your student's course includes weighted assignment groups, assignment groups may vary in the sidebar depending on which grading period you are viewing. An assignment group displays if the group has at least one assignment due in the selected grading period. 
When grading periods are weighted and you select the All Grading Periods option, the sidebar displays the weights of each grading period.
View Grade Info
Some assignments display a black warning icon, which alerts you that points earned from this assignment will not count toward your student's final grade. Your student should still submit this assignment unless it has been excused by their instructor.
View Comments
If your student's instructor left a comment on the assignment, the assignment displays a comment icon. To view comments, click the icon. Comments display chronologically. To close comments, click the Close link.
View Scoring Details
If you can view scoring details, click the Check Mark icon. You can view the grade distribution for the assignment and view the mean, high, and low scores.
The graph's horizontal line extends from 0 to the assignment's highest possible score. The white box extends from the lowest to the highest student scores. Your student's score appears as a square on this plot.
You will only see scoring details if more than five other student submissions are also scored. If you do not see the scoring details, then fewer than five other students submissions are scored.
To close scoring details, click the Close link. 
View Rubric
If an assignment includes a rubric, the assignment may display a rubric icon. To view your student's results, click the icon. View your student's score based on the rubric. To close the rubric, click the Close Rubric link.
Note: The total rubric score may be restricted by your student's instructor.
View Assignment Groups
The Grades page lists assignment groups included in your student's course. Assignment groups allow instructors to organize assignments, discussions, and quizzes into groups and apply specific grading rules or weights to those groups. You can view the percentage score for each group and the points your student has earned versus the total points possible.
Note: Assignment group percentages may be restricted by your student's instructor. 
View Percentage Grade Calculation
The sidebar displays information about how your student's grades are calculated. 
If assignment groups are weighted, the sidebar displays the breakdown of weighted assignment groups.
Assignment group weights always display as a percentage. If your student's instructor allows you to view total grades, you can see a breakdown in the points your student has earned versus the total points possible.
Note: Your student's instructor may restrict you from viewing your grade totals in assignment group percentages.
View Points Grade Calculation
If your student's course does not use assignment groups, their total grade can be displayed in points or as a percentage. If the total grade displays in points, you can view your student's overall grade percentage. 
Note: Your student's instructor may restrict you from viewing grade totals.
View Qualitative Grade Calculation
If your student's institution restricts viewing quantitative data, your student's total grade is displayed using a grading scheme, usually letter grades. Again, your student's instructor may restrict you from viewing your student's total grade. 
View Current and Total Grades
By default, the Grades page displays your student's current course grade. The current grade is calculated by adding the score for graded assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme. This grade is calculated with the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox.
The total grade is calculated by adding all assignments, both graded and ungraded, according to their weight in the course grading scheme. To view the total grade, deselect the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox. 
Note: If your student's instructor has restricted you from viewing the current and/or total grades, selecting or deselecting the sidebar checkbox still affects individual assignments. You may be able to see small changes with assignment shading indicating that a grade may be dropped from the course.
View Learning Mastery Gradebook
Learning Mastery scores may be used by your student's instructor to measure performance based on classroom learning standards, or outcomes. Outcome scores may be tied to assignments and other items throughout Canvas.
To view your student's standards-based scores, click the Learning Mastery tab.How do Canvas Consortiums use trust accounts
Canvas Consortium and Trust Accounts
When a consortium is created, a one-way trust is put in place. The child instances trust the users of the parent instance, so any users in the parent instance are able to be enrolled in courses in the child instances. When configuring a new consortium, two optional settings can be enabled. These are disabled by default:
Automatically create a web of trust when creating new account
Automatically have the parent instance trust new child instances 
Canvas Consortiums Types
Single Account Consortium: A parent account can view and manage child accounts. Single instance consortium examples:
A large school district that oversees a group of schools, but does not manage data (separate authentication domains, possible even separate SIS databases).
A content provider which allows customers to opt-in to use their Canvas account. They provide the learning environment, but each customer is a separate organization.
Basic Consortium: The child accounts have a default trust relationship with the parent account (one-way trust). The parent does not trust the child accounts. The child accounts can set up trust relationships with one another, but it is not required. This type of consortium is common among statewide or countywide organizations.
Mixed Consortium: There is a web of trusts between multiple child accounts, the child accounts also trust the parent account. This type of consortium is common among statewide or countywide organizations.
Auto-Merge Consortium: This could be a basic or mixed consortium with an added setting that will auto-merge similar users. This setting utilizes the integration_id identifier value in Canvas. This type of consortium is more common among institutions that have separate instances because of their size.
Trust Account Relationships
A trust account relationship allows one Canvas account to trust another Canvas account and allows users to be enrolled in both places. Instead of creating two separate accounts and merging them together, a trust relationship allows separate Canvas accounts to share user identities, so a user can log in to one account and access courses from both accounts.
Note: Trust account settings are established during implementation. Trust account relationships can be established between multiple accounts.
Trust Behaviors 
Trusts do not show information in the user interface indicating an account is in a trust relationship with another school or that the course a user is enrolled in is at another school.
Trusts do not provide data on which users are in a trust enrollment at another school.
The Canvas interface does not show provided trust data. The trust relationship is simply an invisible link that exists between two or more sites.
User lists from one school cannot be browsed from another school. Admins from both schools need to work out a business process to send enrollments from one school to the other.
Trust accounts do not provide any automation for trust enrollments. Users are enrolled via CSV uploads or via the API.
Users enrolled in courses at other schools are only able to see the name of the course they are enrolled in. They cannot view any information in the interface that shows the course is located at another school.
Trust Account Definitions How do I subscribe to a discussion as a student
View Discussion Notification Settings
In Notification Settings, you can change the method and frequency of subscribed discussion posts. 
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, open the Discussions link.
Subscribe on Discussions Index Page
You can subscribe to an entire discussion from the Discussions page. Locate the discussion you want to subscribe to and click the Subscribe icon. 
The Subscribe icon will turn green when you are subscribed.
Unsubscribe on Discussions Index Page
To unsubscribe from a discussion, locate the discussion you want to unsubscribe from and click the Subscribe icon. 
The Subscribe icon will appear as an outline when you are unsubscribed.
Subscribe within Discussion
You can also subscribe within a discussion. Click the title of the discussion you want to subscribe to.
Subscribe to Discussion
Click the Subscribe button. 
The Subscribe button will become green when you are subscribed to the discussion topic.
Unsubscribe from Discussion
To unsubscribe from a discussion, open the discussion and click the green Subscribed button. 
The Subscribed button will become a gray Subscribe button when you are unsubscribed from a discussion topic.How do I customize visibility options for a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Set Visibility
In the Visibility options, the default is set to Course. 
To change the visibility, click the Visibility menu and select the visibility option you prefer.
If the Visibility option cannot be changed, you do not have permission to manage visibility settings. Please contact your Canvas administrator or Canvas Support for assistance.
Customize Content Visibility
If you also want to customize content visibility, such as the course syllabus, click the Customize checkbox.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I edit a course page as a student
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Open Page
Click the title of the page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Note: You will only see the Edit button if you are allowed to edit the page.
Edit Content
Edit the content on the page using the Rich Content Editor or switch to HTML view to edit.
Save Changes
You can notify users that content has changed by selecting the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox. Click the Save button.
View Page
View your changes.What are the limited-support guidelines for mobile browsers on tablet devices
What is Limited Browser Support?
Canvas engineering will reactively address critical issues with core features that affect the most recent version of the native browser on iOS and Android tablet devices in landscape mode.
Key Terms
Native browsers: Safari (iOS) and Chrome (Android)
Reactive: Quality assurance teams test against each fully-supported browser before every Canvas release. For mobile browsers, Canvas responds to problems reported by Canvas users.
Critical issue: An issue that makes an important feature or function unusable.
Core feature: A feature needed for a key teaching and learning interaction.
Most recent version: If theres a more recent version of the mobile browser and updating solves the problem, that solution will be suggested as the solution.
Tablet devices: Devices with 7.9" or larger screens.
Landscape mode: The device is held so the display is wider than its height.
How quickly will qualifying mobile-browser issues be fixed?
Canvas treats qualifying mobile browser issues as bugs. Engineering teams triage these bugs by severity and resolve them on the following schedule:
Severity
Description
Resolution Time
Level 1
Users can’t access Canvas
Resources will be assigned immediately and will work uninterrupted until the problem is solved.
Level 2
Users can’t use a core feature; no workaround exists
Resources will be assigned within two hours and will work uninterrupted until the problem is solved.
Level 3
Users can’t use a core feature, but a workaround exists
Resources will be assigned within two business days and will develop and deploy a fix within two full release cycles.
Level 4
All other issues affecting only mobile browsers
Resources will review the problem within five business days, assessing impact, resource availability, and development priorities. A given problem may not be fixed when the impact is minor, when the affected workflow is seldom used, or when a workaround exists.
Caveats—
Screen size and orientation
The Canvas web application is not fully responsive yet. Engineers are basing all new development on responsive-design best practices. This initiative will take some time to touch all parts of Canvas. In the meantime, Canvas will generally work better when viewed on a larger screen. Canvas teams may not choose to address issues that affect only devices with smaller screens or that affect larger-screen devices only when in portrait mode, even if they meet other criteria described above.
Big Blue Button conferencing
Screen-sharing in Canvas Conferences currently requires the Java plugin for desktop browsers. However, Big Blue Button (whose software powers Canvas Conferences) has created a mobile-friendly HTML5 version of their application for participants (primarily students). Other adjustments for additional user roles and features may be announced in future releases.
Partners and third-party tools
Many customers use third-party tools in Canvas, including LTI apps. Partner networks are encouraged to build tools that work well in mobile browsers, and any reported problems will be reported back to them. Some third-party tools will work better than others on mobile, and some may not work at all.How do I configure an external app for a course using a client ID as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to By Client ID.
Enter Client ID
Enter the client ID in the Client ID field.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: If you do not have a client ID, contact your Canvas Admin.
View Error Message
If the submitted client ID is not found in your account's developer keys, Canvas will display an error message.
Install App
To install the app, click the Install button.
View App
View your app.
To manage your app, click the Settings icon.
To edit the app, click the Configure link. To manage where the app displays in Canvas, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.How do I configure and test Canvas Live Events using HTTPS delivery as an admin
Configuration Details
You can implement a Google Cloud Function to receive events from Canvas and store them in a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
The following steps are needed in order to process incoming Canvas Live Event messages through the HTTPS endpoint:
Signed JWT payloads should be set to On
The event message, once received by the Google Cloud Function, should be decoded using RS256.
Once decoded, the JWT signature will contain a "kid" property. This property should be matched against one of the "kid" values retrieved from this public URL: https://8axpcl50e4.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/main/jwks
Transform the payload and store the resulting event. In other words, do not store signed and encoded messages for too long, because the "kid" values will eventually become expired. AWS rotates keys once a month on the 30th. The most current "kid" is the one in the middle.
Event Headers
In addition, there are three types of headers when Canvas generates an event :
Request header when event gets triggered in Canvas (assuming the event was generated based on the request). The data from request is put into an event metadata object e.g method, request id, referrer URl, etc.
AWS adds additional data to an event envelope when it passes it from one service to another (e.g timestamp when event was delivered to SQS).
JWT standard header, these data gets added when we sign each event.
Difference between HTTPS and AWS SQS
The HTTPS endpoint delivered events have a few additional properties. When AWS SQS delivered events are collected via an AWS lambda function, there is an opportunity to write the events in batches - up to 10 event messages at one time. This results in files which have up to 10 event messages, compared to the files for events delivered through the HTTPS endpoint, which will result in one file per event.In other words, for the same set of events, the folder for the HTTPS endpoint will have 10 times as many files as the folder containing data retrieved via the SQS queue.How do I arrange columns in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Gradebook Settings
Click the Settings icon.
Arrange Columns
Click the View Options tab, then click the Arrange By drop-down menu. The default order is the order set in the Assignments page.
Arrange by Assignment Name
To arrange columns by assignment name, select the Assignment Name - A-Z option or Assignment Name - Z-A option.
Arrange by Due Date
To arrange columns by due date, select the Due Date - Oldest to Newest option or Due Date - Newest to Oldest option.
Assignments without due dates are considered to be new assignments.
Notes: 
Differentiated assignments with one or more due dates that aren't assigned to everyone can only be sorted alphabetically. 
If you arrange a gradebook with differentiated assignments by due date, the sort order will reset when you refresh the page.
Arrange by Points
To arrange columns by point value, select the Points - Lowest to Highest option or Points - Highest to Lowest option.
Arrange by Module
To arrange columns by module, select the Module - First to Last option or Module - Last to First option. 
Modules are arranged according to the order in the Modules page.
Apply Settings
To apply the column settings, click the Apply Settings button.
Manually Arrange Columns
You can also manually arrange columns. To manually arrange an assignment column, click the column heading and drag the heading to your desired location. Manual placement is persistent in the Gradebook until the column is reordered.
Notes: 
When columns have been manually reordered, any new assignment added to the Gradebook displays at the end of the Gradebook. To place the assignment in its intended location, either manually arrange the new assignment, or reset your Gradebook order by arranging your columns with one of the options in the View menu. 
If the Total column is visible in your course, you can also move the Total column to the front of the Gradebook. The Total column can be manually arranged among the Student Name and Notes column only.
Resize Columns
You can manually increase or decrease the size of any individual assignment column in the Gradebook. Hover over the assignment header. When the cross-hairs icon appears, drag the assignment column to the desired width. Column width is persistent in the Gradebook until the column is resized.Where can I find my peers' feedback for peer reviewed discussions
View Recent Feedback
Under Recent Feedback in the sidebar of your Canvas course Home page, you can view recent comments from peer reviewed discussions. 
To view submission details, click the title of the discussion. 
Note: The Recent Feedback section displays a limited amount of feedback. To view any additional recent feedback, click the more in the past two weeks link.
View Submission Details Page
You can view the comment details in the submission details page. 
Open Course Grades Page
You can also view peer review comments from the Course Grades page. On the Course Grades page, click the Feedback button.
View Feedback Tray
In the Feedback tray, view peer comments.
To view or edit discussion replies, click the Feedback button.
To close the Feedback tray, click the Close icon.How do I edit my account settings in Commons
Open Admin Settings
In Commons Navigation, click the Admin link. 
Open Account Settings
Click the Account Settings tab.
Edit Approved Content
You can allow approved content for your Commons account. Approved content is indicated in search results by a customizable banner and image.
To allow approved content, enable the Allow Approved Contentoption.
To select a custom background color, click the Select background color button.
To upload a custom image, click the Select image link. To reset the custom image back to the default (a white checkmark icon), click the Reset to default link.
To prioritize approved content in search results, click the Prioritize approved content in search results checkbox.
You can allow other users to manage approved content. Type the name of a user in the field and press Enter (PC) or Return (Mac) to give them permission to curate approved content.
Note:Custom images must be 50x50 pixels in size and the file format must be either JPEG, PNG, or SVG.
Edit Public Content
By default, users will be able to share and view public content.
To disable public sharing, disable the Allow users to share to public account option. This will remove the Public option when finding a resource in Commons and the Share with public (All Canvas users)option when sharing a resource to Commons.
To prevent users in your account from viewing or importing publicly shared content, disable the Allow users to view publicly shared contentoption. This option will hide all publicly shared resources from your Commons account. Users will also not be able to import any publicly shared resources. However, disabling this option does not affect publicly available featured content.
Notes:
Authors of publicly shared resources will always be able to view their resource.
If the Allow users to view publicly shared content option is disabled, admins will not be able to view public resources and discovering users will not be able to view updates to previously imported public resources.
Edit Featured Content
Featured content is enabled by default. When this option is enabled, featured content displays to users at the top of the Commons search page. 
To disable featured content from displaying at the top of the Commons search page, disable the Allow featured content option. Featured content curated by the Commons team will still display in search results even if this option is disabled.
Edit Default Search Filters
You can configure default search filters in Commons. Default search filters are automatically applied to all search results in Commons. However, users can modify filters for individual searches.
To turn on default search filters, enable the Configure default search filters option.
To only display approved content in search results, enable the Only Account Approved Resources option.
To filter content based on grade/level, click the checkbox next to the desired grade/level.
To filter content based on sharing and publicity settings, select an option from the list.
Edit Standards & Outcomes 
By default, Standards & Outcomes settings are enabled.
To disable users from tagging federal or state standards to shared resources in Commons, click the Show Common Core Standards or Show State Standards button to turn off the option.How do I manage admin users in the Canvas Data 1 Portal as an admin
Canvas Data 1 will be deprecated on December 31, 2023. Canvas Data 1 guides will be removed from the Community end of June 2024. Learn more about accessing data using Canvas Data 2.
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Canvas Data Portal
In Account Navigation, click the Canvas Data Portal link.
View Users
In the Credentials Portal, you can view the users who has been given access to the Canvas Data Portal. 
Any admin who does not have access but who has tried to view the portal also appears in the list. 
User information includes the admin's name and admin's user ID.
Note: Canvas support agents who have managed support cases in your data portal may also display in the Manage Users list.
View Permissions
User information also displays permissions based on your institution's Canvas Data subscription.
In permissions, the no label means that the user cannot perform the listed permission. A yes label means that the user has access to perform the permission.
An account may include up to five available permissions:
Manage Users—can add other Canvas Data users for the account
Grant Admin Permissions—can allow Canvas Data users to add other Canvas Data users
Connect to Redshift—can generate credentials to connect to Redshift (hosted accounts only)
Manage IP Address Whitelist—can manage the IP whitelist (hosted accounts only)
Flat File Download—can download flat files from Canvas Data
Manage Users
To edit a user, click the Edit button. To delete a user, click the Delete button.
Note: You cannot edit or delete information for your own account.
Add User
To add a new admin, scroll down the page to the Add New User section.
Enter the Canvas ID and the Full Name of the admin. Select the checkbox(es) for the permission(s) you want to enable for the user. 
Click the Create User button. Canvas Overview (Students)
In this video, you will learn about your Canvas Dashboard and Global Navigation links. You’ll also learn about navigating a course and accessing assignments.
Last updated 2023-06-01
View the script for this video
To view subtitles for this video, click the button in the toolbar and select a language.
Video overviews reflect current feature functionality in Canvas; they are updated based on workflow changes, not on minor or non-functional interface enhancements. Depending on your institution's Canvas theme, the Canvas interface may display differently than shown in this video, but the functionality is the same.
Canvas Overview (Students) Video Script
In this video, you will learn how to navigate your Dashboard, courses, and Global Navigation Menu in Canvas.
When you log in to Canvas, the first thing you see is the Dashboard, which provides a high-level overview of your current courses. The Dashboard can be displayed in three different viewing options.
Card View displays a course card for each of your favorite courses. Each card can include clickable icons for Assignments, Announcements, Discussions, and Files. List View displays an agenda view of graded items from your courses, as well as any non-graded items your instructors designate for a course To Do list. You can also add your own items to the agenda.
Recent Activity View displays a stream of recent notifications from all your courses, including announcements, conversations, assignments, discussions, and peer reviews.
You can also access the course grades page from the Course Card and Recent Activity Views by clicking the View Grades button. The Grades page displays grades for all of your courses. To view grade details for a specific course, click the name of the course.
To view a course, click the Courses link in Global Navigation and click the name of the course you want to view. The course opens to the home page set by your instructor.
You can use the Course Navigation links, breadcrumb navigation, or the sidebar to navigate to different areas of the course.
The sidebar includes a To Do list that displays links to announcements and other items that require action in your courses, such as assignments, quizzes, discussions, and pages.
If your course includes student groups, you can view a list of your groups in Course Groups. Click the group name to view the group homepage. View recent assignment feedback in Recent Feedback. Click the assignment name to view feedback in the Submission Details page.
Canvas displays a Global Navigation Menu that gives you direct access to your courses and other areas of Canvas.
Click the Account link to log out of Canvas, specify your notification preferences, upload and view personal files, modify your user settings, manage ePortfolios, obtain a QR code to log in to the Student app, view global announcements, and enable a high-contrast user interface.
Click the Dashboard link to return to the Canvas Dashboard. Click the Courses link to quickly access your favorite courses and view a list of all your courses. Click the Groups link to access groups in which you are enrolled or view a list of all your groups.
Click the Calendar link to view your personal calendar and course calendars. Click the Inbox link to view and send messages to your instructors and peers within Canvas. Click the History link to view a list of course content and content areas you have viewed within the last three weeks.
Click the Help link to access help resources for your institution.
Thanks for watching this Canvas overview video. To learn more about Canvas, ask questions, or engage with other Canvas users, please visit community.canvaslms.com.How do I duplicate an Item Bank as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Note: You can also access Item Banks from the New Quizzes Build page.
Duplicate Item Bank
To duplicate an item bank, click the Duplicate icon.
Confirm Duplication
To confirm duplication, click the Duplicate button.
View Duplicated Item Bank
Duplicated item banks display in the All Banks filter. Duplicated item banks include "Copy" at the end of the bank name.How do I select personal pronouns in my user account as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Select Pronouns
In the Pronouns drop-down menu, select your personal pronouns.
Notes: 
If the Pronouns drop-down menu does not display in your User Settings, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Pronoun options are managed by your institution. You cannot add pronoun options.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Pronouns
You can view your personal pronouns in your User Settings. Your personal pronouns will also display after your name in areas throughout Canvas.How do I send a message to an individual student based on specific course participation criteria in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
Message Students Who
In the Filter field, search for and select the name of the intended student. Then click the Message icon. 
Send Message
Select a participation status to message the student about.
In the Resource drop-down menu, select all or a specific resource.
In the Subject field, enter a subject for your message.
In the Message field, enter the description of your message.
Click the Send button.How do I send a message to a user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Message User
Click the Message [User Name] button.
Send Message
Canvas redirects you to the Inbox, where you can compose your message to the student.
When you are finished, click the Send button.How do I view the rubric for a quiz as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of a quiz.
Show Rubric 
In the submission details page, click the Show Rubric link.
View Rubric
View the rubric for your quiz.
Note: Depending on how your instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values your instructor may still use it to provide feedback on your quiz.How do I enter grades for an individual assignment as a specific grading type in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Menu
Hover over the assignment title and click the Options icon.
View Grade Entry
Select the Enter Grades as option and view the current grade display option. Unless changed, the assignment defaults to the grade display set in the assignment.
All assignments display the Points and Percentage options.
Additionally, Letter Grade assignments display the grading scheme option.
Note: The Enter Grades as option is not available for complete/incomplete assignment types.
Select Grade Entry
If you want to enter grades and have them display in the gradebook using a different grading value, select your preferred grading display as supported for the assignment.
View Grades
In the assignment column, any existing grades will calculate and display according to your grade display preference.
Enter Grades
For new grades, enter a grade value according to your grading preference as supported: points, percentage, or grading scheme. 
The entered grade will be calculated appropriately and displayed according to the grade display option.
View Grade Warning
If you enter a grade that is not validated through the grading scheme, you will see an invalid grade warning message. A warning icon also displays in the cell with the invalid grade.How do I create a Simple Formula quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Formula question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit Question Details
Type the question prompt text and formula with variables in brackets in the Rich Content Editor. You can include video, images, math equations, or flash activities. For information on variables, formulas, and other options, click the Need help? link. 
Note: If you need help adding a mathematical formula in the Rich Content Editor, please see the Math Editor lesson. You cannot use the letter "e" as a variable. It is a reserved mathematical constant.
Set Variable Definitions
After you have finished typing the formula in the Rich Content Editor, parameters to define the formula will appear. Set the variable definitions for the formula. Specify the minimum and maximum numbers for variable X. Select decimal places in the drop-down menu, and click the Recompute button to verify that Canvas will insert a number into the formula that is within the variable definition.
Set Formula Definitions
Type the formula definition in the formula field. Make sure the formula does not contain any brackets or equal signs. Select the Decimal Places drop-down menu to set the number of decimal places you want used for the result. Select the Save button to save your formula. 
Notes: 
The Formula Definition text box supports the following operators: + (add), - (subtract), * (multiply), / (divide), and ^ (power).
If you need help building formulas in the Formula Definition field, see the Canvas Formula Quiz Question Helper Functions resource document.
Recompute Solution
Once you've added a formula definition, you can go back to the Recompute button and watch the calculated variable process through the formula and calculate a result. You can recompute as many times as you'd like. For instance, if an example value is 10 and the equation is 180 times x, 10 acts for x and the result is 1800. 
Set Possible Number of Solutions
In the Offer field, specify the number of possible solutions you want Canvas to generate. 
In the error margin of field, enter the margin of error for the student's answer. Responses are based on relative error in addition to absolute error. Margins of error can be created as a percentage or as a point value (up to three decimal places).
Click the Generate button to view final answer.
View Possible Solutions
Possible solutions will process according to the number of value combinations.
Provide Feedback
You can provide feedback for the question by clicking an answer comment field and entering text. The comment fields are color-coded to correspond with the type of answer the student provides. Green is for correct answer feedback, red is for incorrect answer feedback, and blue is for general question feedback.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Formula Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Formula question in a quiz.
Student View for Formula Question Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see the correct responses listed after their answer. A green flag indicates the correct answer. A red flag indicates the student's incorrect answer. How do I create a folder in Files as a student
Add Folder
Click the Add Folder button.
Name Folder
Type the name of the folder in Name field. To save the name of the folder, press the Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) key or click the Check button. To return to the previous title, click the Cancel button.
View Folder
Your folder will appear in both panes of the Files view. You can organize your files on Canvas by moving them to folders.
Delete Folder
To delete a folder, click the line item for the folder and then click the Delete icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link.
Note: Deleting a folder will also delete all files in that folder.Once I publish a quiz, how do I use the Moderate Quiz page
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Moderate This Quiz
Click the Moderate This Quiz link.
View Search Filter
To view the quiz attempts of a specific student, use the Search People field.
View Moderate Quiz Columns
The Moderate Quiz page displays the following information:
Student name
Number of times the student has already attempted to take this quiz
Quiz time—completed attempts show the time it took for the student to complete the quiz; running time shows the remaining time the student has to complete the quiz
Number of remaining attempts, if any
Quiz score—for multiple submissions, the score is the most recent attempt
To refresh the page and make sure all column statistics are current, click the refresh icon. 
View Current Attempt Time
If you view the Moderate Quiz page while a student is currently taking a quiz, the Time column shows the running time for the quiz. When time has expired, the Time column displays the submission as Time Up! 
For non-timed quizzes, the timer counts down to the quiz Until date. If no Until date is set for the quiz, the quiz defaults to the course end date. The highest number display is in months, days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
Note: When students are taking a non-timed quiz, their timer will show the elapsed time counting up.
View Timed Quiz Current Attempt Time
If you view the Moderate Quiz page while a student is currently taking a timed quiz, the Time column shows the running time remaining in the quiz. When time has expired, the Time column displays the submission as Time Up! 
The quiz also displays a clock icon that you can use to extend time on the current attempt. Learn more about moderating current timed quizzes.
Note: When students are taking a timed quiz, their timer will show the elapsed time counting down.
View Outstanding Submissions
If the page displays a warning message, time has expired on one or more student submissions, but the submissions are outstanding and need to be manually submitted. Learn how to submit outstanding quizzes.
Moderate Quiz
You can use the Edit icon to moderate the quiz at any time for a student. Moderating a quiz lets you give students extra attempts and manually unlock quiz attempts. Depending on the quiz settings, you can also give extra time for timed quizzes and let students see quiz results one more time. 
If you want moderate a quiz for multiple students and apply the same settings for each, you can apply your changes to all students at once. Learn more about giving extra quiz attempts.How do I change my login password as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Change Password 
Click the Change Password checkbox to create a new password. Type your old password in the Old Password field. Type your new password in the New Password field. Type your new password again in the Confirm Password field.
Note: If you do not have access to change your password, please contact your institution. Your institution will tell you how to change your password.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I enable a podcast feed for a discussion in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Enter Discussion Details
Enter a topic title and discussion details. 
Select Discussion Options
To enable a podcast feed for the discussion, select the the Enable podcast feed checkbox.
Include Replies in Podcast
Click the Include Replies in podcast feed checkbox to include the replies of students in the podcast feed.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
Publish Discussion
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button in the classic Discussions interface or the Publish icon in the Discussions Redesign interface.
View Podcast Feed
View the topic podcast feed in the classic Discussions interface or the Discussions Redesign interface.
Remove Podcast Feed
If you need to remove the podcast feed from your Discussion, edit the discussion and uncheck the Enable podcast feed checkbox.What is the Scheduler
When Would I Use the Scheduler?
Instructors can use Scheduler to:
Create office hours
Schedule TA sessions
Schedule lunches
Assign presentation times
Host Student-Teacher conferences (students could also bring a parent or guardian)
Host other appointmentsHow do I report a reply in a discussion in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Report Discussion Reply
Locate the discussion reply you want to report. Click the Options icon and then click the Report link.
When a reply is reported, you must indicate why the reply is being reported (inappropriate, offensive and/or abusive, or other). 
Click the Submit button.
Note: Reporting a reply cannot be undone.
View Reported Reply
Once you report a reply, the Reported link displays in the Options menu, and you cannot report the reply again. However, other users can still view and report the reply.
Your instructor will review the reported reply and may edit or delete the reply.How do I set details for a Canvas Consortium account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View Settings
Account Settings defaults to the Settings tab. Here you can view all the details available to you in your account.
View Account Settings
The Account Settings section allows you to specify settings for the entire consortium account, including account name, default language, default time zone, Multi-Factor Authentication and self-enrollment. 
You can also specify trusted URLs at the parent account. This option allows accounts to have custom login pages hosted on different domains but still keep the authenticity token.
You can set a default view for the Dashboard using the Default View for Dashboard drop-down menu. Default options include Recent Activity, List View, and Card View. The setting defaults to the Card View. Specifying a default view applies to all new account users. Once a user has selected a different view, the default no longer applies. If you want to apply the selected default view to all users in the account, click the Overwrite all users’ existing default dashboard preferences checkbox. However, users can change their dashboard view at any time in the dashboard options menu.
View Maintenance Window
The Default Time Zone settings also display the maintenance windows for your account. You can expect that all maintenance for your account will occur during your maintenance window, unless emergency maintenance is required. Even though the windows are two hours each, your expected downtime shouldn't last for more than a few minutes. It is also possible that maintenance will not be necessary during your scheduled maintenance windows.
You can view the regular cadence when your maintenance windows take place as well as the specific date and time of your next maintenance window.
View Restriction Settings
You can also manage restriction settings for the entire consortium account. 
If you do not want instructors to be able to rename their courses, click the Don't let teachers rename their courses checkbox. 
If you do not want instructors to modify course availability dates, click the Don't let teachers modify course availability dates checkbox. This checkbox does not display in the Account Setting page for child accounts.
To allow students to opt-in to receive scores as part of grading notifications, click the Students can opt-in to receiving scores in email notifications checkbox. When this option is enabled, the user's Notification Settings page displays an opt-in checkbox in the Course Activities Grading section. If you enable this option but disable it at a later time, the checkbox will be removed from the notifications page, and anyone who has opted in will no longer receive scores in grading notifications.
To allow students to be included in global surveys, click the Include students in global surveys checkbox.
If you do not want students to be able to view quiz questions after their course has concluded, click the Restrict students from viewing quiz questions after course end date checkbox. 
You can choose to restrict student access to view courses before the course start date.
If you choose to restrict students from accessing courses before the start date, you can also restrict students from viewing future courses in their enrollments list.
You can also choose to restrict student access to view courses after the course end date.
You can also disable comments on announcements in all courses. 
To allow students to download course content and view content offline for all courses, select the Allow students to download course content and view offline checkbox. Alternatively, if you'd prefer to allow students to download course content and view content offline for specific courses, you can enable the ePub Exporting feature option for the course. 
You can require that copyright and license information be provided for files before they are published.
You can also disable Canvas media uploads in the Rich Content Editor.
You can allow the option to split student names into two separate columns and show first and last names separately in the Gradebook.
Institutions can increase the list of displayed calendars from 10 to 15. This checkbox applies to all users in the account.
Note: Settings managed in the parent account are inherited and locked at the child account.
View Slack API Key
You can add a Slack API key in Account Settings to allow users to receive notifications in Slack. The Slack API Key is generated from an app created using the Slack API. To add a new Slack API key, type the Bot User OAuth Access Token copied from Slack in the New Slack Api Key field.
Learn more about creating a Slack App for your institution.
Note: Creating a Slack App and generating an Access Token requires that you are also an admin user in Slack.
View Personal Pronouns
The Personal Pronouns section allows you to enable and customize personal pronoun options in your account. When enabled, users can select a pronoun to display after their username in several areas in Canvas.
View Quiz IP Address Filters
The Quiz IP Address filter allows an admin to create a predefined list of IP addresses or address ranges, making it easier for instructors to select a valid setting when creating a quiz. Since this is often used by an organization to limit tests to an on-campus testing center, it is recommended that you use a descriptive name that associates your filter with that location.
Filters can be a comma-separated list of addresses, or an address followed by a mask (i.e., 192.168.217.1/24 or 192.168.217.1/255.255.255.0). For more information on these masks, view the IP Filtering in Canvas PDF.
View Features
The Features section lets you enable or disable specific built-in Canvas functionality.
To allow child accounts to use the Canvas for Elementary interface, click the Canvas for Elementary checkbox
To allow admins to manage user login information and change a user's password, click the Password setting by admins checkbox. This option is best for institutions that do not use a student information system to manage student data. 
To allow parent account admins to view notifications that have been sent to a specific user, click the Admins can view notifications checkbox.
The Faculty Journal allows teachers to make private notes about student progress that are available beyond a single course. To manage the Faculty Journal for the account, click the Faculty Journal checkbox. 
To allow ePortfolios, click the ePortfolios checkbox.
To allow SIS imports, click the SIS imports checkbox. 
To include integration IDs in Gradebook exports, click the Include integration IDs in the gradebook exports checkbox. 
To allow invitation previews, click the Invitation Previews checkbox.
To allow alerts, click the Alerts checkbox. 
To allow custom CSS or JavaScript to override default Canvas interface settings, click the Custom CSS/JavaScript overrides checkbox. 
View Additional Features
To enable the scheduler, click the Enable Scheduler checkbox.
To enable user profiles which takes the place of the User Details page, click the Enable Profiles checkbox.
To prevent users from navigating to Canvas in a web browser within the Canvas Parent app, click the Limit access to Canvas web from the Canvas Parent app checkbox. 
To let child accounts use the Theme Editor, click the Let sub-accounts use the Theme Editor to customize their own branding checkbox.
To allow users to be added to a course via email address without already having a Canvas user account, click the Open Registration checkbox.
To allow users to edit their name as part of their user account settings, click the Users can edit their name checkbox.
To allow users to delete the institution-added email address in their user accounts and use a personal email address, click the Users can delete their institution-assigned email address checkbox. If this feature is selected, also consider enabling the non-institutional email notification.
To display the sender email address for user interaction notifications, click the Show the email address of sender for user interaction Notifications checkbox.
To show a searchable list of courses in the root account when the public course index setting is enabled, click the Show a searchable list of courses in this root account with the "Include this course in the public course index" flag enabled checkbox.
To allow push notifications for mobile device users, click the Enable push notifications to mobile devices checkbox.
To allow users to integrate course content using Equella, click the Equella checkbox.
To enable the Turnitin API, click the Turnitin checkbox. 
To allow users in your account to receive surveys about Canvas, click the Account Surveys checkbox. 
To enable analytics for the account, click the Analytics checkbox.
To allow students to access beta and test instances, click the Beta and Test Access for Students checkbox
To allow users to upload a profile picture in their user accounts, click the User Avatars checkbox. When this feature is enabled, you can manage profile pictures for all users. 
When the User Avatars checkbox is selected, the Enable Gravatar checkbox is also selected by default. A Gravatar is a globally recognized avatar associated for a user in any website that supports Gravatars. When Gravatars are enabled in an account, users can import their Gravatar when selecting a profile picture in their user settings page. Gravatars are associated with the users Gravatar email address. When Gravatars are disabled, the From Gravatar tab is not included as an option in the Select Profile Picture window.
View SIS Grade Export Settings
If you've integrated your account with a student information system (SIS), depending on your institution's configuration, you can either configure SIS submissions for your entire consortium account or manage SIS integration settings. 
View Help Menu Options
As a consortium account admin, you can customize the Help menu that appears in Canvas for all users. You can also add custom help links for your institution and have them display to all or specific user roles.
View Similarity Detection Platform
The Similarity Detection Platform section displays for all accounts and is used for plagiarism LTI tool integrations. 
If your account has installed at least one plagiarism LTI tool, any content you include in the Similarity Pledge text field will display to students. Similarity pledges require students to check a box acknowledging they agree with the pledge information, which usually asks them to verify their work is their own and that any sources have been properly cited.
You can also set the originality score default for the entire account in the Students can see originality score drop-down menu. You can set the report to generate immediately upon assignment submission, after an assignment is graded, after an assignment due date, or never. The account default is not required and can be changed at any other level. Subaccounts can set a separate default from the account, and individual assignments within a course can set their own originality preferences as well. 
View Course Template
If a course has been designated as a course template, you can select the template to be used for all new courses in the consortium account or child account(s).
Note: Course templates are not inherited into child consortium accounts.
View Web Services
The Enabled Web Services section displays third-party integrations that can be enabled for a consortium account. These integrations can be used to extend the functionality of a user's Canvas profile. For example, when a user connects their Twitter account to their Canvas user profile, Canvas can send that user private Twitter messages about new assignments, quizzes, messages, etc. This is all configurable in the user's Notification Settings.
Note: If you enable the Google Apps LTI for your entire consortium, you do not need to enable the Google Drive web service for your students.
View Who Can Create New Courses
You can choose who can create new courses within your account in addition to consortium account administrators. This setting allows the selected user(s) to create new course shells by clicking the Create a New Course button in the Dashboard.
You can allow teachers, students, and/or users with no enrollments to create courses in your account.
You can also manage where new courses created by teachers and students can be placed. To allow courses to be created in any account where a teacher or student has an active enrollment, click the Allow creation anywhere the user has active enrollments checkbox. To allow courses to only be created in the Manually-Created Courses sub-account, click the Allow creation only in the Manually-Created Courses sub-account checkbox.
Note: Account administrators can always create courses.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I resume a quiz that I already started taking as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Find the quiz you would like to resume and click the title of the quiz.
Resume Quiz
To resume the quiz, click the Resume Quiz button. The quiz will resume where you left off. When you are finished, you can submit the quiz.How do I manually create groups in a group set as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Add Group Set
Click the Add Group Set button. 
Save Group Set
Add a Group Set Name. Select whether you would like to allow self sign-up. Make sure the Create groups later option is selected from the Group Structure drop-down menu. Then click the Save button. 
Add Group
Click the Add Group button.
Save Group
Name the group by typing in the Group Name field. If you want to limit groups to a specific size, enter the maximum number of group members in the Group Membership Limit field. Click the Save button.
Note: If your group set allows self sign-up and you set a group limit for the entire group set, the group limit will apply to each individual group you create. The option above allows you to modify the limitations within an individual group, such as changing one group to allow a few more members than the other groups. However, at a later time if you decide to edit the entire group set and change the group set limitations, Canvas will override all member limitations created within individual groups. 
View Group
To create another group, click the Add Group button. You can create as many groups as you need. You can keep track of the groups by locating the groups counter.
Students can be assigned to groups manually, automatically, or by importing a CSV file. 
Manage Group
To manage a group, click the group Options menu. To edit the name of the group, click the Edit link. To delete the group, click the Delete link.How do I use the Course Setup Checklist as an instructor
Open Course Setup Checklist
In the Course Home Page, click the Course Setup Checklist button.
View Course Setup Checklist
The Course Setup Checklist will help you create a new course in Canvas. Open the checklist by clicking the Course Setup Checklist button. The checklist reminds you to:
Import content using the Course Import Tool
Add assignments or assignment shells on the Assignments page
Add users, such as students and TAs, to the course via the People page
Select the links you wish to display in the Course Navigation under the Navigation tab in Settings
Choose a layout for your Course Home Page
Add events and Assignments to your course Calendar
Publish the course, which will automatically send invitation emails to any students you have already added to the course (you may not have permission to complete this step; your institution may publish your course for you)
Note: Once your course contains a graded submission, you cannot unpublish your course.How do I send a message to a user in a group in the Inbox as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
Click the Compose icon.
Select Course
Click the Course drop-down menu, then select the course name. 
Add Users
To add a user, you can search for the user in the To field or use the Address Book. 
Search for Users
To search for a user, type the user's name in the To field. Canvas automatically populates matching names. Select the user's name. 
To send a message to multiple users, type the names of additional users in the To field.
View Student Groups
To view and add a user in a student group, click the Address Book button, then the Student Groups option. Select the group name. 
Add Group Member
Group members' names display in alphabetical order by last name. Select the user's name which you would like to add to the message. 
To send a message to multiple users, navigate back to the group member list by clicking the Address Book button.
Send Message
In the Subject field, enter a subject line for your message.
If you are sending your message to multiple users, but you do not want each user to see who else was included in the message, click the Send an individual message to each recipient checkbox. If your message includes over 100 recipients (including you as the sender), this checkbox is selected by default.
In the message field, type your message. All content is sent in plain text. URLs included in a message automatically become clickable links after the message is sent.
If you want to include an attachment or media file, click the Attachment or Media File buttons.
When you are finished, click the Send button.How do I subscribe to the Announcements RSS feed as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open External Feeds
Click the External Feeds link.
Open RSS Feed
Click the RSS Feed button.
Notes: 
If you use a Firefox browser to access Canvas, you can add a Live Bookmark from this screen. 
If you use a Safari browser to access Canvas, Safari will automatically create a RSS feed for you from this screen.
Copy URL
Copy the URL in your browser's address bar. Then open your preferred RSS feed reader and paste the copied URL in the text box. How do I submit a media file as an assignment submission as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Submit Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button. 
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Select Media
To open the media upload tool, select the Media tab and click the Record/Upload Media button. 
Record Media
You have the option to record video or record audio to upload to the assignment.
To select a microphone for your recording, click the Mic button. To select a webcam, or, to turn the webcam off for audio-only recordings, click the Webcam button.
Note: If you receive an error that says, "Media comment uploading has not been set up properly," please contact your instructor. 
Upload Media
You can upload an audio file or a upload a video file to your assignment. The process is the same for both.
Select Media File
Select the file you want to upload and click Open to begin uploading the file. 
Monitor File Upload
Monitor the file upload. The uploading process will finish automatically.
Submit Assignment
View your media recording upload in the assignment submission box. You can add text comments to your recording.
To replace the recorded or uploaded media before submitting your assignment, refresh your web browser and record or upload your media again.
To submit your recording, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submitted Assignment
The Sidebar displays information about your submission. 
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page. 
Notes: 
After submitting an assignment, the assignment will still appear in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions. 
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. How do I use the Canvas Data 2 Command Line Interface (CLI) Tool as an admin
Download the Canvas Data 2 Command Line Interface (CLI) Tool
You can download the Python package from Python Package Manager. For installation, you may also need to specify extra features. For details, refer to the Installation section of the Data Access Platform Client Library documentation.
View Additional Resources
In addition to the Data Access Platform Client Library documentation, you can view the following videos:
Setting the environment variables on Mac OSX
Using the CLI tool with environment variables setWhat are Groups
Instructor View
Instructors can create groups for students to collaborate on group assignments, pages, collaborations, and more. Instructors can also allow students to create their own groups.
Learn more about Groups
Within Groups, instructors can: 
View all activity within all the groups within their course, including groups created by students as noted in the instructor's Student Groups tab (by default students will be allowed to create their own groups as noted in the Course Details tab)
View all created groups within the course
Manually or automatically create groups within a group set 
Manually or automatically assign students to groups within a group set 
Assign group leaders to each group
Allow students to sign up for their own groups  
Expand and collapse subgroups
Move students into different subgroups
Create group collaborations 
When Should I Use Groups as an Instructor?
As an instructor, create groups to:
Set up student group configurations at the course level for assignments and in-class work, both graded and ungraded.
Facilitate semester-long projects so that students can communicate and iterate on documents together.
Facilitate faculty professional development and institutional committees or activities.
Facilitate student-run study groups within courses or at the account level.
Student View
Students can use groups as a collaborative tool to work with classmates on group projects and assignments. 
Learn more about Groups
Within groups, students can:
View the groups list
View the groups they are enrolled in
Join a student group
Create a student group
Store and share Files
Start a Discussion
Send a message
Create group collaborations
When Should I Use Groups as a Student?
As a student, create groups to:
Create study groups 
Collaborate on projects and assignmentsHow do I allow students to like replies in a discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Create Discussion
Create your discussion. Enter a discussion title in the Topic Title field. Add discussion content using the Rich Content Editor. Select sections for the discussion in the Post to drop-down menu. 
Set Liking Options
In discussion options, click the Allow liking checkbox. 
When you allow discussion likes, you can select two additional options.
Only graders can like: select this checkbox if you want to limit the liking functionality to only graders in the course, which means only users with the Edit Grades permission can see the Like link. However, all users still see the total number of likes for each reply.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
Publish Saved Discussion
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button in the classic Discussions interface or the Publish icon in the Discussions Redesign interface.Logging into Canvas
Find Your School's Canvas URL
You can use our Canvas URL search page to search for and find your institution or school's Canvas URL. To find your school's Canvas URL, be as specific as possible with the name of your school and try alternative names, such as the name of your school district, abbreviations, or longer institution names.
Verify Canvas URL
Verify that you are using the correct Canvas URL for your school or institution. If you do not know which URL to use, you may need to contact your institution's IT department.
Note: Depending on your institution, you may need to log in via Single Sign On (SSO). This means you may need to enter your username and password on a login page that displays differently than the image above. For more information on logging into your institution's SSO page, contact your IT department.
Verify Username & Password
Verify that you are using the correct username and password.
If you use more than one Canvas URL, make sure you are using the correct login and password for each Canvas URL. 
If your login and password were given to you from your institution and you are having trouble logging in, please contact your institution. (Your institution may have changed your login credentials.)
If you do not have a login and password, you may need to create an account.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Sometimes stored data can inadvertently cause loading or formatting issues.
Verify System Requirements
Canvas supports many popular browsers, and the best practice is to use the latest version. Canvas also has various other hardware and system requirements. For more information and to verify that your browser is supported, review the browser and computer requirements for Instructure products.
Use Incognito/Private Browser
Something in your browser may be blocking your access to Canvas. To verify this, try using Chrome’s incognito mode, Firefox Private mode, or Microsoft Edge InPrivate mode. 
Request New Password
If allowed by your instititution, you can reset your password by clicking the Forgot Password? link.
Request Password
Enter your email address in the Email field. Then click the Request Password button.
Learn more about resetting your password.
Note: It may take up to 30 minutes for your password reset email to send.How do I view my grades in a concluded course as a student
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Open Concluded Course
Under the Past Enrollments heading, click the name of your concluded course.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Grades
View your grades in your concluded course.How do I find Learning Standards to add to a course-level outcome as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Find Outcomes
Click the Find button.
Click on the folder that includes the standards you need.
Note: If the Common Core group is not available to you, please contact your Canvas Administrator.
Choose Outcomes
Account and Common Core Standards are nested outcomes, so you can import entire outcome groups into your course, or view all nested outcome groups to locate an individual standard. 
Select the name of an outcome group to view available outcomes. When you have located an outcome, click the name of the outcome you want to import. Click the Import button.
View Outcomes
View the added Outcomes. How do I view the rubric for my external tool assignment as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
Show Rubric 
In the submission details page, click the Show Rubric link.
View Rubric
View the rubric for your external tool assignment.
Note: Depending on how your instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values your instructor may still use it to provide feedback on your assignment.How do I add contact methods to receive Canvas notifications as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
Add Ways to Contact
In the Ways to Contact sidebar, your account displays the default email associated with your account, if any. However, if you want to add an additional email address, click the Add Email Address link.
If you have multiple Canvas accounts, you can view the Add icon, which allows you to merge the address with another Canvas account that uses the same email address.
If you want to add Slack as a contact method, click the Add Contact Method link. 
View Communication Warnings
Canvas does not send notifications to communication channels that have bounced, which means the channel can no longer attempt to generate or send a notification. Bounces can occur from invalid addresses (caused by address typos, changed addresses, etc.) or blocked servers.
In User Settings, Canvas may display the following icons to indicate a contact method's status:
Warning: indicates a bounced contact method. To correct the error, you can remove then re-add the contact method to your profile.
Check Mark: notifies you of an unconfirmed email address.
To delete a contact method, click the Delete icon. 
Link to Web Services
The Web Services portion on your settings page is divided into two columns. Services you have already registered, such as through the Ways to Contact section of your settings, or through course Collaborations and assignments, appear in the left column under the Registered Services heading. Other services that are available for registration appear in the right column under the Other Services heading. 
Learn how to add web services in Canvas.
View Approved Integrations
When you allow third-party integrations to access your account, the Approved Integrations section will appear and display the authorized integrations. Each integration will show you the name of the app, the purpose (if one is noted), the date the app was last used, the date the app expires, and a link to view further details. How do I create a discussion in a group as a student
Open Discussions
In Group Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Create Discussion
Enter a discussion title in the Topic Title field.
Add discussion content using the Rich Content Editor.
Set Discussion Options
Select options for your discussion, such as allowing others to like it and adding it to other group members to-do lists. 
To enable a podcast feed for the discussion, select the theEnable podcast feedcheckbox.
Save Discussion
To start the discussion, click the Save button.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click theSave & Publishbutton. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click theSavebutton.
Publish Discussion
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking thePublishbutton in the classic Discussions interface or thePublishicon in the Discussions Redesign interface.
View or Edit Discussion
View the discussion you started in your group.
If you need to edit the discussion, click the Edit button.
If Discussions Redesign is enabled for your course and you need to edit the discussion, click the Options menu and select the Edit link.How do I create a new course from the Dashboard as an instructor
Open Dashboard
In the Global Navigation Menu, click the Dashboard link.
Create New Course
In the Dashboard sidebar, click the Start a New Course button. You may need to scroll down to see this button.
Note: If you do not see this button in Canvas, your institution has disabled this feature. 
Add Course Details 
In the Which account will this course be associated with? drop-down menu, select the account where you want the course to be organized. You can only select accounts that contain courses where you have active enrollments. If this drop-down menu does not display, your institution has restricted the option for instructors to select accounts for new courses.
In the Course Name field, enter the name for your course. A course code is automatically created based on the first string of connected characters in the course name. If allowed by your institution, the course code can be changed in Course Settings.
To create the course, click the Create button. To cancel course creation, click the Cancel button.
Note: Course content license and course visibility options are set to private by default. These options can be changed in Course Settings.
View Course
View the new course. Depending on your institution's preference, you can use either the Course Setup Checklist or the Canvas Course Setup Tutorial to populate your course.How do I view analytics for a student in a course as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Course Analytics 
Click the View Course Analytics button.
Open Student Analytics
In the Student Analytics table, click the name of the student. 
To locate a student, you can sort the table by student name, page views, participates, and current score. The analytics table is paginated so you can view more students if you continue to scroll on the page.
View Student Information
When viewing analytics for an individual student, you can view the student's name and current percentage in the course. To send a message directly to the student, click the mail icon. 
To view analytics for a different student, click the next or previous buttons in the user menu, or locate the student in the drop-down menu. 
View Analytics Graphs
By default, analytics are shown in a graph format. These are four types of graphs: Activity by Date, Communication, Submissions, and Grades.
View Activity by Date
The Activity by Date graph shows all course activity for the student. The x-axis represents the course dates, while the y-axis represents the number of page views. Dark blue bars represent participation in the course. If a date only includes page views, the bar only displays as light blue.
The graph changes the bar display according to the length of time. Activity that is less than six months old displays bars as daily activity, at six months bars are displayed as weekly activity, and at approximately a year bars are displayed as monthly activity. To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. The weekly view shows the first and last date for the week; the monthly view shows the month and the year. Browser window size, zoom level, and screen resolution may also change how the bars display.
The following user actions will generate analytics course participation:
loads a collaboration to view/edit the document
joins a web conference
posts a new comment to a discussion or an announcement
submits a quiz
starts taking a quiz
submits an assignment
creates a wiki page
You can also view specific content participation data in the course access report.
View Communication
The Communication graph shows the conversations that have taken place between the student and instructor(s) in the Canvas Inbox. The y-axis represents the user type; orange message icons show when a student sent a message to an instructor, and blue message icons show when an instructor sent a message to the student. The x-axis represents the interaction date. 
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. You can view the date of the communication and how many messages were sent. A message is an individual message passed from one user to the other; in message threads, each message is individually counted. In group conversations, interactions are counted as long as the student is one of the recipients. Notifications are not included in analytics unless the user acts on the notification and generates a new message that passes through the Canvas Inbox. Announcements are not included in communication analytics. 
You can also view specific communication data in the student interactions report.
View Submissions
The Submissions graph shows the status of each submission for the student. The y-axis represents each assignment, while the x-axis represents the submission date. A green circle indicates an assignment that was submitted on time. A yellow triangle indicates an assignment that was submitted late. A red square indicates an assignment that is missing (not submitted). A white circle with a black outline indicates an assignment with a future due date. 
If a submission includes a due date, the submission may include horizontal line. The line indicates when the assignment was submitted, while the shape indicates the actual due date. If a submission was submitted before the due date, the horizontal line is green; if it was submitted after the due date, the horizontal line is yellow. Submissions without a horizontal line either have no due date, or the assignment was submitted on the due date. 
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. Current and past assignments include the assignment title, the due date (if any), the submission date, and the score. Future assignments include the assignment title, due date (if any), and the score.
Note: The Submissions chart does not include information about assignments that do not require a submission (e.g., not graded, on paper assignments), excused assignments, or assignments that do not apply to a student because of differentiated assignments. 
View Grades
The Grades graph shows the median, high, and low scores for each assignment. The x-axis represents each assignment, while the y-axis represents the number of points for an assignment. The vertical black line extends from the highest score to the lowest score. The gray box extends from the 75th percentile to 25th percentile. The horizontal black line shows the median score for the assignment.
The student's score is indicated by the same shapes found in the Submissions graph. A green circle indicates an assignment with a good score. A good score is equal to or greater than the median score. A yellow triangle indicates an assignment with a fair score. A fair score is below the median but still within the 75th to 25th percentile range. A red square indicates an assignment with a poor score. A poor score is below the 25th percentile.
To view assignment names and details, hover your cursor over the graph.
View Analytics Tables
To view analytics without hovering over graph columns, you can view all data in a table format. To switch to the table format, click the Analytics icon. The icon will switch from the left side to the right, indicating the current analytics view. 
View Table Data
Tables apply to every graph in its respective page, and each column defines the data within its respective graph. Graphical data is displayed by column. 
Each table is paginated to 30 entries per page; additional pages can be viewed by advancing to the next page.How do I view reports for a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To view reports for a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Open Reports
Click the Reports tab.
Open Improved Quiz and Item Analysis
To generate the improved Quiz and Item Analysis report for the quiz, click the Generate Report link. Once generated you can open the Quiz and Item Analysis report by clicking the View Report link.
To download the Quiz and Item Analysis report as a CSV file, click the Export CSV button.
Learn more about the improved Quiz and Item Analysis.
View Quiz Analysis
The Quiz and Item Analysis report includes two sections: Quiz Analysis and Item Analysis.
The Quiz Analysis includes statistics for overall quiz scores. To view Quiz Analysis details, click the Expand icon.
The following statistics are available:
High Score: displays highest percentage score
Low Score: displays lowest percentage score
Mean Score: displays average percentage score
Median Score: displays median percentage score
Mean Elapsed Time: displays average time to complete the quiz
Standard Deviation: represents the amount of variation from the mean score in percentage
Cronbach’s Alpha: is an internal consistency measure that estimates the reliability of a quiz
Score Distribution Chart: represents the distribution of earned scores for the quiz
View Item Analysis
The Item Analysis includes statistics for items in a quiz and their correlation to the overall quiz score. To view Item Analysis details, click the Expand icon.
The following statistics are available:
Item Difficulty: measures the proportion of students who answered the question correctly
Mean Earned Points: displays average point score out of the maximum possible points
Median Earned Points: displays mean point score out of the maximum possible points
Discrimination Index: assesses the ability of an item to differentiate between the highest scoring and lowest scoring students
Corrected Item-Total Correlation Coefficient: measures the correlation between a given item and the total score
Answer Frequency Summary Chart: displays the number and percentage of students who selected each answer choice
Note: The Answer Frequency Summary charts display the total number of correct responses, incorrect responses, and no responses for the following question types: Categorization, Fill in the Blank, Formula, Hot Spot, Matching, Multiple Answer, Multiple Choice, Numeric-Answer, Ordering, and True or False.
Open Old Quiz and Item Analysis
To view the Quiz and Item Analysis (old) report, click the View Report link.
Note: The Quiz and Item Analysis (old) report can be accessed for quizzes created and taken before the end of 2023 until Summer of 2024. Quizzes taken after the end of 2023 must use the improved Quiz and Item Analysis report.
View Quiz Analysis
The Quiz and Item Analysis (old) report includes two sections: Quiz Analysis and Item Analysis.
The Quiz Analysis includes statistics for overall quiz scores. These statistics include all students who have taken the quiz. The following statistics are available:
High Score: displays highest percentage score
Low Score: displays lowest percentage score
Mean Score: displays average percentage score
Standard Deviation: represents the amount of variation from the mean score
Mean Elapsed Time: displays average time to complete quiz
Cronbach’s Alpha: measures internal consistency of how closely related a set of items are as a group
View Item Analysis
In the Item Analysis section, you can view statistics for specific questions in an quiz. The following item analysis statistics are available:
Difficulty Index: measures theproportion of students who answered the question correctly. Calculated by dividing the number of correct answers by the number of times the item was included in the quiz.
Discrimination Index: measures how well a question can tell the difference between students who do well on the exam and those who do not. Calculated by subtracting the bottom 27% of difficulty index scores from the top 27% of difficulty index scores.
RPB (Point-Biserial Correlation Coefficient): measures the correlation between a given item and the total score.
Mean Earned Score: displays average point score.
To view more statistics, click the Arrow icon.
View More Statistics
View more statistics for the quiz.
The Answer Frequency Summary chart displays the number and percentage of students who selected each answer choice.
The Performance by Quintile bar chart displays the number of students who scored within each percentage quintile.
You can also view any outcomes aligned to the question.
Open Outcomes Analysis
To open the Outcomes Analysis, click the View Report link.
View Outcomes Analysis
The Outcomes Analysis includes each student who has completed a quiz and their mastery results for each outcome.
To view more details for an outcome, click the name of the outcome.
To download the CSV file of the Outcomes Analysis report, click the Export CSV button.
Note: Outcomes may take up to 48 hours to display in New Quizzes after they have been added to an account.
View Outcome Detail
The Outcome Detail page contains performance information for a specific outcome, including number of students who reached mastery, description, average score, and score required to earn mastery.
You can also view the number of students who score within each criteria level and how mastery is calculated.How do I use peer review assignments in a course as an instructor
View Peer Review Assignments
When you or a TA create a peer review assignment, you can assign peer reviews manually or you can have Canvas assign them automatically. Group assignments can also be assigned peer reviews.
When a peer review has been assigned, students can view a notification in their Dashboard To Do sidebar or Activity Stream. Students will also receive an email notification. 
If the assignment is not an On Paper or No Submission assignment type, students can also view the peer review information in the sidebar of the assignment details page.
View Peer Review Comments
To complete a peer review, students must review the assignment and leave a comment on the submission details page.
Students cannot view previously submitted comments by any other reviewers, including comments by TAs or other instructors.
You can also assign a rubric to the assignment. If the assignment includes a rubric, students must only complete the rubric to complete the peer review. However, you can choose to ask your students to also leave a comment in the comment sidebar. The rubric score is used for an assessment opinion only; you must review the assignment and assign the final grade. 
View Peer Review Grades
Students do not receive a grade for completing a peer review. If you want to assign extra points for peer reviews, you can create a No Submission assignment in the Gradebook and assign points manually. The Peer Review page for the assignment will show the names of students who have completed the peer review.
View Anonymous Peer Reviews
As part of creating a peer review, the anonymous option allows you to hide the name of the student reviewer from the student with the submission. The reviewer cannot see the name of the assigned person whose work is to be reviewed, and the student who submitted the assignment cannot view names associated with any comments.
Notes about Anonymous Peer Reviews
Email notifications sent to students about peer reviews are anonymous. Student reviewers cannot view the name of the person whose work they are reviewing.
Once a peer review has been assigned, the viewing setting cannot be changed. For instance, a regular peer review cannot later be made anonymous—and appear anonymous—unless the peer review is deleted and re-assigned.
Canvas DocViewer does not support anonymous comments, so it cannot be used for annotated feedback on assignments with anonymous peer reviews.
When anonymous peer reviews are enabled, you and your TAs can still view the names of student reviewers in SpeedGrader and in the student submission page. However, if anonymous grading is enabled in SpeedGrader, the names of both students will be hidden in SpeedGrader but not in the student submission page.How do I use the ePortfolio Getting Started Wizard as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the name of an ePortfolio.
Open Getting Started Wizard
Click the Getting Started Wizard link.
View Getting Started Wizard
The Getting Started Wizard will pop up to show you the basics of your ePortfolio. You can read about the Introduction, Portfolio Sections, Section Pages, Adding Submissions, ePortfolio Settings, and Let's Do It. To close the Getting Started Wizard, click the close icon.
View Introduction
Your ePortfolio is a way to show off your work to your peers, students, and employers. They are made of sections and pages that are customizable and you are able to add and remove different types of information.
View Portfolio Sections
The portfolio sections are your navigation links for your portfolio. Each section can have multiple pages inside of it. You can organize the sections by clicking the Organize Sections link. You can also rename a section by clicking the pencil icon, rearrange sections by clicking and dragging, or delete sections by clicking the x icon.
View Section Pages
The section pages are part of the section links. To organize or add pages, click on the Organize/Manage Pages link. You can also rename a page by clicking the pencil icon, rearrange sections by clicking and dragging, or delete sections by clicking the x icon.
View Adding Submissions
You can add assignments to your portfolio from classes you are taking and classes you have taken. You may have noticed at the bottom of this page is a list of recent submissions from your classes. You can quickly add submissions to new pages in your portfolio from this page. Just click the submission you want to add and a simple dialog will pop up. 
View ePortfolio Settings
To change the settings for your ePortfolio, click the ePortfolio Settings link. You can rename the portfolio and also change whether it is public or private. Private portfolios are only visible to those to whom you grant access. 
View Let's Do It
Ready to get started? You can always get back to this wizard from any page by clicking the "Help How Do I...?" link. How do I preview a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To preview a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Preview Quiz
To preview the quiz, click the Preview button.
View Error Message
If you are currently editing the quiz, you cannot open Quiz Preview.
View Quiz Preview
When previewing a quiz, the quiz displays a colored Preview border. You can enter answer to any question type.
The preview displays most settings, including calculators, timer, question shuffling, and one question at a time. Quiz Preview does not support displaying student access codes, IP address filtering, and multiple attempts.
Submit Quiz
To submit the quiz, click the Submit button.
To exit the quiz and return to the area in Canvas where the quiz was opened, click the Return button.
View Results Page
If you submit a quiz while in preview mode, Quiz Preview will open to the results page. The items and points displayed in the results page corresponds to the quiz's settings to restrict student result view. 
Exit Preview
To exit Quiz Preview, click the Close icon.How do I embed a guide in a Canvas course as an instructor
Copy Embed Code in Community
In the community, at the end of the guide, click the Embed this Guide button.
To copy the embed code, click the Copy Code button.
Note: You can only embed guides in Canvas courses. Embedding on other sites is not supported.
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Add Page
Click the Add Page button.
Enter Page Title
Enter the name of the new page. You may decide to copy and paste the exact title of the Canvas guide.
Switch Views
Click the HTML Editor icon.
Enter Embed Code
Paste the previously copied embed code into the Rich Content Editor.
Example of embed code:
<div style="overflow: hidden;"><iframe style="width: 100%; height: 800px; margin-top: -260px;" src="CanvasGuideURL"></iframe></div>
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your page, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your page, click the Save button.
Note: If you try to navigate away from a page without saving, you will generate a pop-up warning.
Publish Page
When your page is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button. The button changes from gray to green.
View Embedded Guide
When you open the page in Canvas, it may take a moment to load the content.How do I set storage quotas for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
The settings portion of your account is only available to Canvas admins. 
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Quotas
Click the Quotas tab.
View Default Account Quotas
In the Default Account Quota section, you can view the default quotas assigned to each course, user, and group.
To change quotas, type a new number in the quota fields. Changing the quota will change the quotas for courses, users, and/or groups for the entire account. 
Click the Update button.
Note: Sub-account admins cannot manage user quotas.
Find Manually Settable Quotas
In the Manually Settable Quotas section, you can search for a course or group with a specific quota. In the ID field, select Course ID or Group ID. In the text field, enter the ID of the course or group. Click the Find button. 
Notes: 
The course ID is located at the end of your course URL (i.e. canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX , and the group ID is located at the end of the URL (i.e. canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX/groups/XXXXX). 
Manually Settable Quotas at parent level only apply to its own sub-accounts/courses
Update Quota
Canvas displays the course or group and the quota. To change the quota, enter a new number in the quota field. Click the Update Quota button.How do I customize my Courses list as an observer
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
Manage Courses
To favorite a course, click the star next to a course. Courses with filled stars show the course is a favorite. 
Notes: 
After you have manually favorited at least one course, Canvas automatically favorites any new published course enrollments for you.
You can only favorite active courses.
View Unpublished Courses
If a course is unpublished and you are allowed to view unpublished courses before the course start date, you cannot favorite the course. If you hover over a star icon for an unpublished course, you can view a message indicating that the course cannot be added as a favorite.
Future and past enrollments also cannot be favorited.
View Past Enrollments
Depending on course configuration, you may still be able to view concluded courses under the Past Enrollments heading. However, a favorited course is not automatically removed as a favorite when the course concludes. If a past enrollment course still shows as a favorite, you can unfavorite the course by clicking the star icon.How do I delete my ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Delete ePortfolio
Click the Delete this ePortfolio link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the Delete ePortfolio button.What options can I set in a quiz
Name Quiz
In the Unnamed Quiz field, you can add a name for your quiz.
Choose Quiz Details
When creating a new quiz, Canvas defaults to the Details tab.
Create any instructions for the Quiz in the Rich Content Editor.
Select the quiz type.
Categorize the quiz into the proper Assignment group.
Set Quiz Options
Quiz settings have several options.
Shuffle Answers:You can shuffle (randomize) answers. (You can also shuffle questions by creating a question group.)
Time Limit: You can choose to set a time limit by entering the number of minutes students have to complete the entire quiz. Timed quizzes begin once a student begins the exam and do not pauseif the student navigates away from the quiz. If no time limit is set, students will have unlimited time to complete the quiz.
Notes:
If a timed quiz is automatically submitted after a student loses internet connectivity, the submission time stamp and time to complete the quiz may not align with the allotted time limit and/or the availability dates.
If a student loses internet connectivity, Canvas extends the time for five minutes, saving the answer entered before the timer runs out.
Multiple Attempts: You can allow multiple attempts.
Quiz Responses: You can choose to allow students to view their answers, any automatic feedback generated by the quiz for correct or incorrect answers, and which questions they got wrong. Quizzes default to this option, so if you do not want students to see their quiz responses, deselect the checkbox.
As part of this option, you can restrict students view of the quiz results to Only Once After Each Attempt. Students will only be able to view the results immediately after they have completed the quiz—results include both their responses and the correct answers.
Notes:
Students will still see their quiz score upon submitting a quiz when this option is enabled. Because of this, this option may not be appropriate for quizzes that require manual grading, such as essay questions, where students may need to access the quiz results multiple times to see an updated quiz score.
When a quiz is saved with the Only Once After Each Attempt option, you can use the Moderate Quiz feature to give students additional views to their quiz results.
Correct Answers: You can allow students to see correct quiz answers after completing the quiz. This setting enables a green Correct tab on every correct answer for the entire quiz. Quizzes default to this option, so if you do not want students to see the correct answers, deselect the checkbox.
As a part of this option, you can also control when and for how long students can see the correct answers by setting dates (and specific times, if desired) in the Show and Hide fields.
To show answers immediately after quiz is submitted, leave the Show and Hide fields blank.
To create a date range to display the answers, set a start date in the Show field and an ending date in the Hide field.
To always show answers after a specific date, set a date in the Show field.
To hide answers after a specific date, set a date in the Hide field.
Note: If the Only Once After Each Attempt option is selected, it will override any show or hide dates or times. If you want to show or hide correct answers on any specific date or time, the Only Once option should not be selected.
One Question at a Time: You can show one question at a time and lock questions after answering.
Notes:
Questions will be locked even if a student clicks the Next button without answering the question.
If your Canvas admin has restricted students from viewing quiz submissions after the course ends, options 4 and 6 will not be available after the course end date has passed.
View Expanded Options
A few of the settings contain expanded menu options:
Allow Multiple Attempts 
Quiz Score to Keep: You can choose whether to keep the highest score, latest score, or average score of all attempts. By default, Canvas keeps the highest score unless you change this setting. 
Allowed Attempts: You can allow multiple attempts and limit the number of attempts. The default dashes represent unlimited attempts. 
If you retain the Quizzes default option for students to see their quiz responses:
If you allow at least one attempt for the quiz, the Let Students See Their Quiz Responses area will display an Only after their last attempt checkbox. Selecting this option means that students can only see their correct responses after their last quiz attempt. 
If you allow more than one attempt for the quiz, please be aware that not all students may complete all attempts and therefore may never see their quiz responses. For instance, if a student has three attempts but achieves their desired score in the second attempt, the student will most likely not complete the third (and last) attempt.That means their quiz responses and correct answers will not appear because the last attempt was not completed. To allow these students to see their responses, you would have to manually change the quiz settings at a later time.
If you retain the Quizzes default option for students to see the correct answers:
If you allow at least one attempt for the quiz, the Let Students See The Correct Answers area will display a Only after their last attempt checkbox. Selecting this option means that students can only see the correct quiz answers after their last attempt. This option will follow the current quiz functionality around multiple attempts. If a student never makes it to the last attempt, the correct answer setting will not apply. To allow the student to view the correct answers, you can manually change the quiz options at a later time. 
Show One Question at a Time
Lock questions after answering: You can choose to lock questions after answering. This option means that students cannot return to the previous question once it has been answered.
Set Quiz Restrictions
You can restrict the quiz so it can only be taken in specific situations. By default, these options are never selected.
You can require students to enter an access code to take the quiz.
You can filter IP addresses and require students to take a quiz from a specific computer lab.
Notes:
If you have the Respondus LockDown Browser plugin enabled by your institution, using that browser also appears as an option here. The Respondus LockDown Browser does not allow other windows to be opened during the quiz and helps prevent cheating. 
If your institution uses the Respondus LockDown Browser LTI, the Respondus option will not appear under Quiz Restrictions and Respondus LockDown settings can be managed from the LockDown Browser Dashboard in Course Navigation.
Set Quiz Restrictions
To require an access code, enter the access code in the access code text field.
To filter IP addresses, enter the IP address in the IP address text field.
Notes:
An access code may contain any number of characters. 
You can change an access code at any time. This has no effect on students who have already taken the quiz or those who have not. However, if you change the access code while students are taking the quiz, the students may be forced out of the quiz as soon as they answer a question, click the Next button, or cause a page refresh. Students must start the quiz again using the new access code.
Quiz IP filters are a way to limit access to quizzes to computers in a specified IP range. Filters can be a comma-separated list of addresses, or an address followed by a mask (i.e., 192.168.217.1/24 or 192.168.217.1/255.255.255.0). For more information on these masks, view the IP Filtering in Canvas resource document.
Assign Quiz and Dates
In the Assign field, you can assign the quiz to everyone, a course section, or an individual student.
You can set the Due Date, Available From date, and available Until date for the quiz. These fields are optional and can be set depending how you want to manage the quiz: 
Due Date: the date and time that the Quiz is due
Available From: the date and time when the Quiz will become available for students to take the quiz
Until: the date and time when students can no longer take the quiz
Learn more about due and availability dates. 
Notes: 
Changing who the quiz is assigned to after the quiz is made available to students may result in submissions becoming unavailable.
If you have set section override dates in your course, you may need to select a course section and set due and availability dates that fall within the section override dates.
If you change the due date of a quiz that students have already begun but not submitted, their quiz submissions will auto-submit based on the date and time of the original due date.
For auto-submitted quizzes, the submission time stamp reflects a five minute grace period that begins once the due date and time have passed and may not align with the assigned due date and time.
Create Quiz Questions
Once you have set up the settings for your quiz, click the Questions tab to create the quiz questions and points. You can create individual quiz questions, questions with a question bank, questions with a question group, and questions with a question bank in a question group.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work on your quiz. 
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Unpublished Quiz Options
Once you save your quiz, you have several quiz options. 
To publish the quiz, click the Publish button. Publishing a quiz means that students will be able to see the quiz in the course. 
Before publishing the quiz, if you want to see the student view and make sure it appears correctly, click the Preview button. To edit the quiz, click the Edit button. 
You can also view more options in the Options menu:
Show the rubric for a quiz to evaluate student answers, such as for essay questions (learn how to add a rubric).
Lock this quiz now so that students cannot access the quiz once it is published. The quiz title will still be visible to students but they will be unable to open the quiz. This option only applies to quizzes that are assigned to Everyone.
Delete this quiz.
Note: If you want to hide the quiz from student view, do not publish the quiz. When the quiz is unpublished, it can only be viewed by the instructor. 
Unlock Quiz
To unlock a quiz, click the Options icon and click the Let Students Take this Quiz Now link.
To unlock a quiz indefinitely, click the No time limit radio button. If you prefer to unlock a quiz until a specific date and time, click the Until radio button and use the calendar icon to select the date and time. Click the Unlock button when you are done. 
Published Quiz Options
Once you publish a quiz, you can view additional options. 
In addition to the options available for unpublished quizzes, in the Options menu, you can:
Preview the quiz
View quiz results as well as a list of who has taken the quiz and who has not
Message students who have taken the quiz already or who haven't yet taken the quiz
In the sidebar, you also have access to related quiz features: 
Show quiz statistics
Moderate this quiz and grant students more time or additional attempts (this option can be used for any type of quiz)
Grade quiz in the SpeedGrader
You can also hide grades from students by using posting policies in the gradebook.How do I add a page to the student To-Do list as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
By default, Pages displays the selected front page for the course. To view the Pages Index page, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
To open a page, click the page title. 
To create a new page, click the Add Page button.
Edit Page Settings
To add the page to the student to-do list, click the Add to student to-do checkbox. Items added to the student to-do list also display in the course calendar and students' course sidebar To Do list.
Add a due date in the Due Date field. 
Save and Publish
To save and publish the page, click the Save & Publish button.
If the Save & Publish button doesn't display, the page is already published. To save your changes, click the Save button. 
View Page
View the page with the to-do date. 
The page will display in students' To-Do list in the List View Dashboard as well as in the course calendar and students' course sidebar To Do list. How do I change the color for a grading status in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Status Colors
Click the Settings icon. 
To change the status colors, click the View Options tab and click the Edit icon.
Change Color Status
Select the new color for the status. The check mark indicates the selected color, and the hex color code displays in the text field. 
If you want to use a color not shown in the window, you can enter the color's hex code directly in in the text field. The hex field will display a warning icon if the hex code is not valid. 
Click the Apply button.
Apply Settings
Click the Apply Settings button.How do I merge my user account with an account using the same email address as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Combine User Accounts
To merge user accounts, click the Merge icon in the Ways to Contact sidebar.
Confirm Account Merger
To confirm that you would like to merge accounts, click the Combine button.
Enter Credentials
Enter the email address and password for the second account.
View Confirmation Message
Confirm the merge was successful.How do I create a Google Assignments LTI 1
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Add Collaboration button.
Sign in to Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to sign in. Click the Sign in button.
Select your Google account.
Add Details
To add a title for the collaboration, enter a title in the Title field.
In the File type drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can create docs, slides, sheets, forms, drawings, or sites.
To add a description for the collaboration, enter text in the Description field. 
Invite Collaborators
Click the checkbox next to the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. To select or deselect all users, click the Collaborators Selected checkbox.
Add as many users as necessary. 
Note: Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
Create Collaboration
Click the Create button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.How do I view global activity for all my courses in the Recent Activity Dashboard as a student
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
Open Global Activity Stream
Click the Options icon and then click the Recent Activity link. 
View Global Activity
The Global Activity Stream contains recent notifications from all of your courses, including announcements, discussions, assignments, and conversations. This activity stream helps you see all recent activity in your courses and easily ask questions and post to discussion forums. Unlike course cards, the activity stream does not mimic the visibility of Course Navigation links. 
Activities are indicated by activity type and display an icon for the activity. Each activity also includes the name of its associated course. 
New activity in your account is indicated by an unread icon. Discussions and Announcements indicate new activity items published in a course, and Conversations indicate a new message received from a user in a course. Recent Activity items remain for four weeks.
Expand and Collapse Notifications
You can view the details of each activity by hovering in the notification area and clicking the Show More link. To collapse recent activity, click the Show Less link.
Manage Recent Activity
You can directly access your recent activities by clicking the course link. To remove a notification, click the remove icon.How do I send a discussion to another instructor as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion Options
Locate the discussion you wish to send, then click the discussion Options icon. Select the Send To... option.
Select Recipient
To send your assignment to another instructor, click or type in the Send to field. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your assignment. 
Note: You can send the assignment to multiple instructors at one time. 
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the discussion to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Discussion
Click the Send button. 
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the users's Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content. How do I view the details of a submission for a student in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
View Submission Details
When you open SpeedGrader for a particular assignment, you will see each individual submission and the date and time that it was submitted. If the assignment was submitted after the due date, you will see a late label. 
Notes: 
When anonymous grading is enabled, submission details are hidden in the submission sidebar. Details will be visible when the assignment is either unmuted or assignment grades have been posted. 
If a student's quiz was submitted automatically, the submission time stamp reflects a five minute grace period that begins once the time limit and/or due date have passed and may not align with the allotted time.
Download Submission
If an assignment can be downloaded, you can view the name of the submission and a download link.
View Uploading and Failed Submission Details
If a Google Drive or Microsoft Office 365 assignment upload is queued for submission, an Uploading icon displays next to the assignment link.
When a Google Drive or Microsoft Office 365 assignment submission fails to upload, an Upload Failed icon displays next to the assignment link. 
Verify Student Annotation Views
If you add annotations to an assignment using Canvas DocViewer, you can view when the student viewed the annotations. SpeedGrader shows the date and time that the student opened the file and viewed your feedback. 
Evaluate Multiple Submissions
If a student has submitted more than one assignment, the submission view will include a drop-down menu where you can view prior submissions. 
By default, the date of the most recent assignment will always be shown first. Canvas will warn you if you are not viewing the most recent submission.
Notes: 
When anonymous grading is enabled, the submission menu displays submission by number (e.g., Submission 1, Submission 2).
When the Allow Multiple file AGS submissions count as one submission is enabled, students can select multiple files to be uploaded to a third-party assignment in Canvas. However, some third-party tools may not be built to accommodate this feature.
See All Quiz Attempts
If a quiz includes more than 65 total submissions, individual attempts cannot be viewed in SpeedGrader. 
To view prior Classic Quiz attempts for a specific student, click the See all quiz attempts link. 
To view prior New Quiz attempts for a specific student, click the Moderate button.How do I use the Canvas course setup tutorial as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link. Then click the Settings link.
Enable Tutorial
Locate your user feature options. To enable the course setup tutorial, click the Course Set-up Tutorial icon.
Open Course
To open your course, click the Courses link in Global Navigation. Then click the name of the course you want to view.
View Tutorial
New courses open to the Home Page, which displays the Home Page tutorial. The tutorial tells you the purpose of the page and provides links to related Canvas guides.
Continue Tutorial
To view the course setup tutorial for a different page in Canvas, click the link for the page in Course Navigation.
The tutorial content updates to reflect the page you are viewing.
Collapse Tutorial
By default, the tutorial is expanded in each page. Once you read the content in the tutorial, you may want to collapse the tutorial as some pages contain content behind the tutorial. The state of the tutorial is persistent across Canvas pages, so if you collapse the tutorial in one page, it will stay collapsed until expanded again.
To expand or collapse the tutorial, click the Arrow icon.
End Tutorial
To end the tutorial at any time, click the Don't Show Again button. 
Note: Ending the tutorial means that the tutorial will no longer display in any of your courses.
Click the Okay button.How do I view and sort announcement replies as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of an announcement. 
View Announcement
In an announcement, you have several options to view and sort announcements. Use the search field to search for replies or specific authors. To filter by unread replies, click the Unread button. To show or hide deleted replies, click the Show button. You can also collapse and expand all announcement replies.
To edit the announcement, click the Edit button.
To manage the announcement, click the Options icon. Announcement Options allow you to mark all existing posts (replies) as read, delete the announcement, and close the announcement for comments. 
You can view the number of unread and total replies in the thread. The number on the left indicates unread replies, while the number on the right indicates the total number of replies.
View Replies
Announcement replies are shown in order of post date. New and unread replies are indicated by a solid dot. Read replies are indicated by an empty dot. When you navigate away from the Announcement or refresh the page, the sold dots will change to empty dots indicating the replies are read. 
Manage Replies
Announcement replies are shown by post date and in hierarchical order. If a new reply is added to the initial announcement topic, the reply is shown as a new content group. Additionally, similar to focused replies in discussions, users may reply to each other's replies and these responses are grouped together.
Expand and Collapse Replies
When viewing announcement replies, you can collapse and expand individual announcement replies by hovering over the top of the box containing the entire reply and clicking the collapse icon. When an announcement reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
View Liked Discussions
If you allow students to like replies in an announcement, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the announcement. Highlighted icons indicate replies that you've liked. The number of total likes also appears next to the icon.
If you set up the announcement to sort automatically according to the number of likes, original replies will always sort first, and any associated replies will be reordered beginning with the highest-liked reply.
View Reply Options
Each announcement reply has its own options icon.
In original announcement replies, you can return to the main announcement topic by clicking the Go to Topic link. 
If you are viewing a reply within a reply, return to the original reply by clicking the Go to Parent link.
To edit or delete the reply, click the Edit or Delete links.
Reply to Announcement
To reply to an announcement, reply to the announcement by clicking the Reply button. You can reply to any other reply in the announcement by clicking the Reply button.How do I duplicate a grading scheme in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Grading Scheme
If the checkbox has not been selected, click the Enable course grading scheme checkbox.
View Grading Scheme
Click the Grading Scheme drop-down menu and then click a grading scheme.
View Grading Scheme
To duplicate the grading scheme, click the Copy button. 
Note: You can also duplicate a grading scheme by clicking the Manage All Grading Schemes link.
Duplicate Grading Scheme
To confirm duplication, click the Duplicate button.
Edit Duplicated Grading Scheme Details
Edit the title in the Grading Scheme Name field. 
You can choose to have the grading scheme by percentage or points. 
For each line item, edit the grading scheme name in the Letter Grade field. 
Edit the minimum end of each individual range in the To [Number] % field.
Add Range
If you need to add ranges, click the Add button. You can remove individual ranges by clicking the Delete button. When you are finished editing your grading scheme, click the Save button. 
View Duplicated Grading Scheme
View the copied and edited grading scheme.How do I connect to Skype as a web service in Canvas as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Register Skype
In the Other Services section, click the Skype button.
Log in to Skype
Enter your Skype name in the Skype name field. Click the Save Skype Name button.
Skype will now appear under the Registered Services heading in your Canvas settings.How do I enable third-party cookies in my browser
Enable Third Party Cookies in Chrome
Open Google Chrome.
From the top right, click the More icon (three vertical dots) and select the Settings option.
On the left side navigation, click the Privacy and security link.
Click the Third-party cookies option.
To enable third party cookies, select either the Allow third-party cookies option or the Block third-party cookies in Incognito mode option.
For more information, see Clear, enable, and manage cookies in Chrome.
Enable Third Party Cookies in Edge
Open your Edge browser.
From the top right, click the Menu icon (three dots) on the tool bar and select the Settings option.
Under Advanced Settings, click View Advanced Settings. Or, for Edge 123, select the Cookies and site permissions option.
Under Cookies, select Don't block cookies. Or, for Edge 123, click the Block third-party cookies toggle off.
For more information, see Allow or Block Cookies in the new Microsoft Edge.
Enable Third Party Cookies in Firefox
Open Firefox browser.
From the top right, click the three vertical lines and then select the Settings link.
From the left side navigation bar, click the Privacy & Security link.
Under Browser Privacy, select the Standard option.
For more information, see Third-party cookies and Firefox tracking protection.
Enable Third Party Cookies in Safari
Open your Safari browser.
From the top navigation menu, click the Safari link and then select the Settings link.
Click on the Privacy tab. 
Make sure both the Prevent cross-site tracking and the Block all cookies checkboxes are unchecked.
For more information, see Manage cookies and website data in Safari on Mac.How do I configure SSO settings for my authentication provider as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Authentication
In Account Navigation, click the Authentication link.
Configure SSO Settings
In the SSO Settings section, enter details for the appropriate fields. 
In the Login Label field, you can enter a label that displays in the login page and that students use to enter their unique identifier. If no label is set, the login field defaults to Email. You can enter labels such as username, student ID, etc.
In the Forgot Password URL field, you can enter the URL for your institution's forgot password page. Leave this field blank if you want users to view the default Canvas password reset page.
In the Discovery URL field, you can enter a URL for an authentication page, if any. If no page is set, users are sent to the first authentication provider in the authentication provider list. 
Set Third-Party Unknown User URL
When using a third-party authentication provider, you can also enter a URL that redirects users if an authenticated user is not found in Canvas.
Save SSO Settings
Click the Save button.
Set Provider Positions
When you have more than one authentication provider in your account, Canvas authentication defaults to the first position and is the default configuration for the Discovery URL.
To change the position of your authentication providers, locate the provider and click the position menu. Choose the placement number for the new position. Then click the Savebutton.
Note: Canvas authentication can only be deleted from the authentication page if another third party authentication provider has been enabled. If the only existing authentication provider is deleted, Canvas authentication will be restored as the default provider.Updating a Canvas quiz
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the title of the quiz you need to moderate.
Moderate Quiz
To moderate the quiz, click the Moderate This Quiz link. On the Moderate Quiz page, you can give the student an extra attempt.
Ask Student to Submit Quiz
Contact the student who is currently taking the quiz and ask them to submit the quiz. If they haven't finished the quiz, they will need to confirm their incomplete submission.
Prevent Quiz Access
To prevent students from accessing quizzes before they are complete, you can: 
Leave the quiz unpublished in the course until complete, or place the quiz in an unpublished module. 
Use availability dates in quiz settings to prevent students from accessing the quiz until a specific date.How do I add a grading scheme to an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the title of the assignment you want to edit. 
Edit Assignment
Click the Edit button.
Edit Grading Type
Click the Display Grade as drop-down menu and select how you would like to display the assignment grade. You can also manage grading schemes.
View Grading Scheme
To view the current grading scheme, click the View button.
        Click to copy
Search Grading Schemes
Canvas displays the current grading scheme enabled for the assignment. If you want to select another grading scheme, click the Grading Scheme drop-down menu.
Note: Assignments use the course default grading scheme unless you select another one. Learn how to enable a course default grading scheme.
Choose Grading Scheme
To select a grading standard, click the title of the grading scheme.
Save Assignment
Click the Save button.
Grade Assignment
In SpeedGrader, enter the point value for the assignment. The point value will change to the name indicated in the grading scheme percentile range. In this example, the point value (23 out of 25) is 92% and is expressed as an A-.How do I reply to a discussion in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to the main discussion, click the Reply button.
Post Reply
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor.
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
Note: If you post your discussion response before an attached image finishes uploading, Canvas displays a warning message.
View Your Reply
Your reply automatically displays at the top of the discussion reply thread.
Thread a Discussion Reply
To respond to a discussion reply, click the Reply link.
Post Reply
In the discussion thread replies sidebar, add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor.
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Reply
Your reply displays at the bottom of the discussion thread.How do I download a folder in ZIP format as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Download Folder
Click the line item for the folder. Click the Download icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Download link. 
View Download Progress
Monitor the progress of your download.
Open ZIP File
Your ZIP file will download to your computer. Open the appropriate folder to view the file. To open the file, either double click to open it (MAC users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users).How do I use course settings as an instructor
Open Settings
The settings portion of your course is only available to instructors. 
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
View Course Details
In the Course Details tab, you can view the details of your course including its name, what your quota is, and what license that you’ve attached to this content inside of your course. You can also view the course status. If the course cannot be unpublished, the hover text will notify you accordingly. 
View Sections
In the Sections tab, you can add a section to your course and manage student section enrollments.
View Navigation
In the Navigation tab, you can modify the Content Navigation links listed in your course. You can drag and drop to reorder and hide course navigation links. 
Any configured course navigation External Apps (LTI Tools) that appear in Course Navigation also appear here as well.
View Apps
If your institution has enabled the Canvas App Center, in the Apps tab you can view all available external learning tools in Canvas. However, you can also configure apps manually.
View Feature Options
In the Feature Options tab, you can enable and disable Canvas features within your course as made available by your account admin. 
View Integrations
If enabled by your institution, you may also view the Integrations tab. From the Integrations tab, you can sync enrollment data to Microsoft Teams.How do I import content from Common Cartridge into Canvas as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Common Cartridge 1.x Package option.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Find and click the Common Cartridge ZIP or IMSCC file you want to import. Then click the Open button.
Select Question Bank
In the Default Question bank drop-down menu, select the Question bank you want to use for your question bank from Common Cartridge.
Create Question Bank
If you do not have a question bank you want to use, you can create a new question bank. In the drop-down menu, select the Create new question bank option.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, select the All Content radio button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content radio button.
Note: If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import after you review the remaining page options. After you start importing the content, the import selection cannot be canceled. 
Import Existing Quizzes as New Quizzes
To convert quizzes in the import package to the New Quizzes format, click the Import existing quizzes as New Quizzes option. 
Note: You cannot select a default question bank when using the the Import existing quizzes as New Quizzes option.
Overwrite Assessment Content
To overwrite the assessment content with matching IDs, click the Overwrite assessment content with match IDs checkbox. 
Some systems recycle their IDs for each new export. Therefore, if you export two separate question banks they will have the same IDs. To prevent losing assessment data Canvas treats the question banks as separate objects despite the IDs. Choosing this option will disable this safety feature and allow assessment data to overwrite existing data with the same IDs.
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox.
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I unbookmark a question bank in a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Manage Question Banks
Click the Settings icon and click the Manage Question Banks link.
Unbookmark Question Bank
Click the Bookmark icon.
Verify Unbookmarked Question Bank
Verify the Question Bank is no longer bookmarked. How do I create a hyperlink from Microsoft Office 365 in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Appsoption, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open Microsoft Office 365
Click the Microsoft Office 365 link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Microsoft Office 365 link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Attach File
Locate the file you want to link and click the checkbox next to the file name. Click the Attach File button.
View File Link
View the file link in the Rich Content Editor
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content.How do I use the Field Admin Console as an admin
View Field Admin Console
The Field Admin Console opens to the home page. You can use the buttons displayed in the home page to view the Canvas Admin Guide, Canvas release notes, idea conversations, known issues, and product blogs.
The Home page also displays outstanding knowledge base (KB) update requests in the KB Update Requests list.
To search the interface, enter your search terms in the field and click the Search button.
To view the Canvas Guides, click the Canvas Guides link.
Open User Menu
To open your User Menu, click your username.
View User Menu
From the User Menu, you can:
Return to the home page
View your profile
Manage settings
View your account
Create a new case
Logout of the console
View Profile
From your profile, you can view and edit profile information, including name, email, title, department, and contact information. To edit your profile, click the Edit button.
To edit your profile picture, click the Photo icon.
View Settings
From the Settings page, you can manage your password, language, timezone, locale and profile visibility.
To change your password, click the Change Password link.
To change your language, click the Language field. To change your timezone, click the Timezone field. To change your locale, click the Locale field.
In the Profile Visibility settings, you can manage who is able to see the information on your profile page. To customize visibility, click the drop-down menu that corresponds to your profile information. Then select if the information is public, restricted to users who are logged in, or limited to members who created an account.
View Chat
If your institution has Tier 1 or 24x7 support, you may be able to chat with a Canvas Support agent from the home page.
To open the chat window, click the Canvas Support button.
Then enter your name, email, and the chat subject. To begin your chat, click the Start Chatting button.
View Cases
To view your cases, click the Cases tab. From the Cases page, you can manage cases in your account.
To view an individual case, click the case number.
View Macros
To view your account macros, click the Macros tab. Macros allow field admins to create a list of changes that can be applied to cases in a single click.
To create a new macro, click the New button. To print your macros, click the Printable View button.
View Accounts
To view your accounts, click the Accounts tab. By default, the Accounts page will display all accounts that you are authorized to view. To filter the accounts that display on the page, click the Filter icon. To pin an account filter as the default view, click the Pin icon.
To view information for an account, click the name of the account.
View My Account Instances
To view your account instances, click the My Account Instances tab. By default, the My Account Instances page displays all account instances you are authorized to view. 
To view information for an instance, click the instance name.
View Customer KBs
To view customer KBs for your accounts, click the Customer KB tab.
View Case Dashboard
To view your Case Dashboard, click the Case Dashboard tab.
From the Case Dashboard, you can view donut charts for case origin, case role, escalated level, case drivers, Canvas component affected, and non Canvas cases.
To view detailed reports for a dashboard item, click the View Report link.
To learn more about options available for the Canvas Components fields, view the Canvas Component resource document.
View Reports 
To view case reports in a list view, click the Reports tab.
To view a report, click the name of the report.What feature options can I enable in my user account as an observer
Auto Show Closed Captions
By default, this feature is set to Off. 
The Auto Show Closed Captions feature setting allows you to enable captions added to videos by default for your Canvas account. 
Note: Videos embedded from third-party tools, such as Youtube, are not supported. Additionally, embedded Canvas Studio videos are not yet supported. 
Disable Alert Notification Timeouts
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Disable Alert Notification Timeouts feature setting prevents alert notification pop-ups from timing out. When this feature setting is enabled, alert notifications in Canvas display until you manually dismiss the alert.
Disable Celebration Animations
By default this feature is set to Off. 
The Disable Celebration Animations setting allows you to turn off all celebration animations. The Celebration feature must be enabled by a Canvas admin at your institution. If this feature is not enabled, the Disable Celebration Animations setting will not display in your user Feature Settings. Learn how to manage confetti animations. 
Disable Keyboard Shortcuts
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Disable Keyboard Shortcuts feature setting allows you to disable keyboard shortcuts in Modules, Discussions, the Gradebook, and SpeedGrader. Other areas of Canvas will be updated at a future date.
This setting allows users who rely on screen readers or keyboard navigation to control their experience in Canvas with keyboard shortcuts.
High Contrast UI
By default this feature is set to Off.
The High Contrast UI feature setting allows you to view Canvas using high contrast styles. This feature enhances the color contrast of the user interface (text, buttons, etc.) so they are more distinct and easier to identify in Canvas. However, institutional branding is not supported when this feature is enabled, so you will not be able to view the institution's logo or other elements.
You can also enable High Contrast UI from your User Navigation Menu.
Microsoft Immersive Reader
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Microsoft Immersive Reader enhances accessibility and comprehension for any reader. When enabled, the course home page, assignments, pages, and syllabus display an Immersive Reader button.
Microsoft Immersive Reader is available for you to enable individually, regardless of the preference set at the account level. However, if the feature is on for the entire account, the account preference overrides your user preference, and your user setting has no effect.
To learn more about this feature, see the Microsoft Immersive Reader website.
Underline Links
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Underline Links feature setting allows you to view Canvas interface links as underlined text. When enabled, this feature underlines hyperlinks in navigation menus, the Dashboard, and page sidebars. This feature setting does not apply to user-generated content links in the Rich Content Editor, which always underlines links for all users.
CSV Separator Preferences
You can set how you want to view separators in CSV export files, depending on your locale or preference.
Separator settings are managed through one of three feature settings in User Settings. These settings only apply to compatible spreadsheet exports. 
Autodetect Field Separators in Compatible Spreadsheet Exports
The Autodetect field separators feature setting attempts to determine the appropriate field separator as indicated by the language set in the user’s account. For languages where the decimal separator is a dot, (e.g. 1,234.56), autodetection will choose a comma as the field separator. For languages where the decimal separator is a comma, (e.g. 1.234,56), autodetection will choose a semicolon as the field separator. For all other cases, autodetection will choose a comma as the field separator as a default.
Note: This feature is automatically disabled if the Use semicolons to separate fields setting is enabled.
Include Byte-Order Mark in Compatible Spreadsheet Exports
The Include Byte-Order Mark feature setting generates a specific set of three characters at the beginning of the CSV file. These characters, known as a byte-order mark, help some versions of Microsoft Excel understand that the CSV file is a UTF-8 encoded file. It also tells some localized versions of Excel that they should treat the incoming CSV file as if it were semicolon-separated by default. Because some versions of Excel do not understand or honor the byte-order mark, this feature allows all users to disable generation of this byte-order mark.
Use Semicolons to Separate Fields in Compatible Spreadsheet Exports
The Use semicolons to separate fields feature setting generates CSV files with semicolons as the field separators instead of the default comma. When disabled, this feature falls back to behavior determined by the state of the Autodetect field separators setting.
Note: This feature is automatically disabled if the Autodetect Field Separators setting is enabled.How do I use the Syllabus as an instructor
Open Syllabus
In Course Navigation, click the Syllabus link.
View Syllabus
The syllabus includes the syllabus description, the Course Summary, and the sidebar.
View Syllabus Description
The syllabus description is where you can post your course description, a brief introduction, class guidelines, weekly reminders, and other important information. You can copy content from Word documents directly into the Rich Content Editor or create original content inside of the Rich Content Editor. 
You can also link to your Syllabus by uploading it into Course Files as a PDF and embedding the document in the Rich Content Editor. Canvas will automatically create a preview of your document so your students don't have to download it before reading it.
To edit the Syllabus, click the Edit button.
View Course Summary
The Course Summary is automatically generated for the course and contains a list of course assignments and course calendar events. Assignments are indicated by the Assignments icon, and events are indicated by the Calendar icon. Non-graded items with a to-do date show the to-do date. All assignments (unpublished and published) are listed in the syllabus for instructors, but students only see published assignments.
Changes to dated items can be made in both the Assignments and Calendar features and will be automatically updated in the Syllabus.
Click the title to view the details of the assignment or event. Any assignments or events that are past the due date are highlighted in gray. Undated items are listed in alphabetical order. 
The Course Summary is enabled by default. Learn how to disable the Course Summary.
View Time Zones
If you have set a specific time zone in your User Settings, all course dates and times will display in your local time, but if you hover over the time, you can also see the course date and time.
View Sidebar
The sidebar section displays information about course events and grading. The assignment group information can be edited in the Assignments feature while the Calendar information can be edited in both the Assignments and Calendar features. Any changes made will be reflected in the Course Summary section of the Syllabus.
The sidebar includes a mini calendar. Any date that includes an event or assignment due date are shown with a gray background. To view an associated assignment or event in Course Summary, click the calendar date.
If your course includes weighted assignment groups, the sidebar also shows the percentages of each group. 
View Student View
To view the syllabus as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I add or edit points for an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Edit Assignment
Click the assignment's Options icon then click the Edit link. 
Edit Points
Edit the points available for the assignment by typing in the points field.
Save Assignment
Click the Save button.How do I allow course content to be exported as an offline HTML file as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Offline Content
Locate the Offline Course section. Click the Allow course content to be downloaded and viewed offline checkbox.
Note: This checkbox may already enabled by your institution.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I reply to an announcement as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Reply to Announcement
Click the Reply box.
Post Reply
Format your response and add media, links, photos, and/or equations using the Rich Content Editor. Click the Post Reply button.
Note: The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
View Reply
View your reply to the announcement. How do I view registered services for all users in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Registered Services
In the Options drop-down menu, click the View Registered Services link.
View Registered Services
View registered services for users in your course. The page displays each service and which specific members of your course have registered the service. The sidebar shows a summary of the registered service types.
To return to the People page, click the Back to Roster button.How do I use the Notes column in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Show Notes Column
Click the Settings icon. 
To show the Notes column, click the View Options tab and click the Notes checkbox. Click the Apply Settings button.
Insert Comments
To make a comment, click the note field for the appropriate student and enter your note in the text field. The note field allows up to 255 characters. To save your comment, click the Save button.
Note: To sort the Notes column, press the "s" key on your keyboard.
View Comments
View your comments in the Notes column. You can view the full comment by resizing the column or re-clicking the notes text field.
Note: When you navigate away from the Gradebook, any changes to the size of the columns will be lost. 
Hide Notes Column
Click the Settings icon. 
To hide the Notes column, click the View Options tab and deselect the Notes checkbox. Click the Apply Settings button.
Note: Hiding the Notes column does not lose any changes.How do I add an item from an item bank to a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To add an item from an item bank, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Open Item Banks
Click the Item Banks button.
Open Item Bank
Click the name of an item bank.
Add Item
To add an item to a quiz, click the Add button next to that item.
The item will display in the quiz.
View Item
View the item in the quiz. To edit the item, click the Edit icon. To duplicate the item, click the Copy icon. To move the item, click the Move icon. To delete the item, click the Delete icon.
If any tags have been added, the tags will display in the item.
Edit Item
When editing an item bank item in a quiz, you will only be able to edit point values and some options. To edit other parts of the question, click the Edit in Bank button.How do I change the status of a submission in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Grade Detail Tray
Locate the student name and assignment where you want to change the status. Click the Gradebook cell and click the Grade Detail Tray icon.
View Assignment Status
The Status section of the Grade Detail Tray displays available status options. Any selected status is applied immediately. Depending on the assignment's settings and student submissions, a status may already be selected for you.
Notes:
Color status is only visible in the Gradebook and does not affect the student Grades page. 
Depending on your institution, custom gradebook statuses may display.
Select No Status
To select no status, click the None radio button.
The None status indicates that no status exists, or that the assignment was turned in before the due date. 
When a grade is added to an assignment with a missing status, the missing label is automatically removed. You can also update any late or missing assignment to have no status if you do not want a label displayed in the student's grades page.
Select Late Status
To select a Late status, click the Late radio button. 
The Late status indicates an assignment that was submitted after the due date. You can enter a number of how many days late the student submitted the assignment. 
Note: Currently, the Late field is for reference only and has no effect on the student's grade.
Select Missing Status
To select a Missing status, click the Missing radio button. 
The Missing status indicates an online assignment that has not been submitted and is past the due date.
When a missing label is manually applied, the missing label is removed by a new submission or manual removal. Entering a score does not remove a manually-applied missing label.
Note: When the Automatically apply grade for missing submissions setting is enabled, entering MI or mi in the assignment cell applies the missing status to an assignment.
Select Excused Status
To select an Excused status, click the Excused radio button. 
The Excused status indicates that the student has been excused from making a submission. Students are not able to submit excused assignments, and excused assignments are not calculated in the student's total grade. You can also excuse an assignment by typing EX in the assignment cell. 
Select Custom Status
Depending on your institution, you may be able to view and select a custom status. 
To select an custom status, click the custom status radio button. You cannot make changes to the custom statuses.
View Assignment Status in Gradebook
Assignment cells in the Gradebook will display the color assigned to the corresponding status.
Student View Assignment Status
The student grades page will display a label corresponding to the status setting in the Gradebook. Labels will display for late assignments or missing assignments. Excused assignments are noted by EX in the points column. Students who submit assignments that are marked EX can still see their scores when viewing their own grades. 
Assignments with no status (none) do not display a label in the Status column of the student grades page.How do I create a Google Docs collaboration as an instructor
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Start a new collaboration button.
Authorize Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize Google Drive Access button. 
Collaborate Using Google Docs
Click the Collaborate using drop-down menu and select Google Docs.
Create Collaboration Document
To create a collaboration document using Google Docs, you will first need to name the document, create a description, and select collaborators. By default, you can view the list of people in the course and can collaborate with individual or multiple users in the course. You can also click the Groups tab and collaborate with a group. 
Click the Start Collaborating button.
Notes: 
Google Docs allows you to add up to 50 users per collaboration, and all users can view and edit a document at the same time.
Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration within the group.
Edit Document
View the newly created document in a new browser window.
Note: By default, any collaborator can share the document. The document owner can manage the document's share settings from within the Google Doc. How do I view rubric results for my assignment as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Rubric
If an assignment has a rubric, the assignment will display the rubric icon. To open the rubric, click the Rubric icon.
View Rubric Results
View the rubric results for your assignment.
View Non-Scoring Rubric Results
If your instructor has removed points from the rubric, you can still view the rubric results for your assignment.
View Rubric Comments
If your instructor has left comments in your rubric, you can view them under the rubric criteria.
Note: This text will only appear if your instructor has left comments in the rubric.How do I format CSV text files for uploading SIS data into a Canvas account as an admin
users.csv
Users are the people who have user accounts within an institution. The users.csv adds people into the system as generic users. The enrollments.csv will assign a role (teacher, student, etc.) to these users. When a user account is deleted all of their enrollments will also be deleted and they won't be able to log in to their Canvas account. If you still want the user to be able to log in but just not participate or if you want to only delete them from a particular course, then you should leave their user account as active and change their enrollment (in the enrollments.csv) to completed or deleted, respectively. 
Download a sample users.csv file with 10 Canvas user accounts.
Required Field*| Sticky Field^
user_id*: This is a unique value used to identify anyone with an account in Canvas. This value must not change for the user, and must be unique across all users. In the user interface, this is called the SIS ID and may be comprised of any combination of characters. You can find this SIS ID by visiting any user account and then viewing their Login Information.
integration_id: This is a secondary unique identifier useful for more complex SIS integrations. This identifier must not change for the user, and must be globally unique.
login_id*^:This is the username one will use to log in to Canvas. If you have an authentication service configured (like LDAP), this will typically match their username in the remote system. Login_id can contain letters, numbers, or the following symbol characters: - _ = + . @
password: If the account is configured to use LDAP or an SSO protocol, then this isn't required. Otherwise, this is the password for the 'login_id' above. This password must be at least 8 characters.
ssha_password:Instead of a plain-text password, you can pass a pre-hashed password using the SSHA password generation scheme in this field. While better than passing a plain text password, you should still encourage users to change their password after logging in for the first time. Learn how to generate SSHA passwords.
authentication_provider_id:This is the authentication provider the login is associated with. Logins associated with a specific provider can only be used with that provider. Legacy providers (LDAP, CAS, SAML) will search for logins associated with them, or unassociated logins. New providers will only search for logins explicitly associated with them. This can be the integer ID of the provider, or the type of the provider (in which case, it will find the first matching provider). 
first_name^: This is the given (first) name of the user. If present, used to construct full_name and/or sortable_name.
last_name^: This is the surname (last) name of the user. If present, used to construct full_name and/or sortable_name.
full_name^: This is both the given and surname of the user. Omit first_name and last_name if this is provided.
sortable_name^: This is the sortable name option in Canvas, usually inferred from the user's name but it can be customized.
short_name^:This is the display name of the user, usually inferred from the user's name but it can be customized.
email: This is the institution-assigned email address and will also be marked as the default email address for this user account. This email address should still be provided even if it is the same as the user's login_id.
pronouns:If personal pronouns are enabled, these are the personal pronouns that display after a user's name in Canvas. The pronouns field accepts all pronouns, even if they were not created in the Account Settings page.
declared_user_type: This declared user type can be either administrative, observer, staff, student, student_other, or teacher. Can pass "<delete>" to remove the declared user type from the user.
canvas_password_notification: This defaults to false. When true, user is notified for password setup if the authentication_provider_id is Canvas. If your institution does not have a Canvas SIS integration, this field is required to notify new users of their created accounts.
home_account: Setting the home_account as true will create a new user in the target account for the SIS import and merge in another existing user from another account within the consortium with a matching integration_id. Will be ignored unless the target account is associated with an auto-merge consortium.
status*^: This is where you can add or remove a user from Canvas. Mark as active to add a user, suspended to suspend a user, or deleted to remove an existing user.
Email Address Conflicts
Canvas identifies users by email address. When students are added to a course, Canvas attempts to reconcile any email address conflicts when the user first logs in to the course. 
Normally email addresses are unique to each student. At times multiple students may share a single email address. When adding students to courses via SIS import, Canvas recognizes when an email address is assigned to more than one student.
If a new SIS ID is associated with an email address already assigned to an existing SIS ID, Canvas sends an email to the email address.
When users are added to an account through SIS import, they will not receive an email notification unless the system detects a duplicate user. However, if a user is added or enrolled manually they will receive an email notifying them they have been added or enrolled in a new course. The student sharing an email address will receive a notification that the email address is already in use and is invited to create a new account in Canvas. This process may also apply when adding a user to a course enrollment.
accounts.csv
An account is an organization unit within Canvas (e.g., the parent account for an institution). Each account can contain a hierarchy of sub-accounts, such as creating accounts for individual colleges within an institution, or for individual schools within a district. Sub-accounts can also contain multiple sub-accounts, such as when a college subdivides into departments or programs, or a school that subdivides into grade levels or subjects. 
Download a sample accounts.csv file with the following sub-accounts:
3 sub-accounts within your main/root account. (Arts & Humanities, Business, Math & Science)
4 sub-accounts within your Business sub-account. (Accounting, Computer Science, Economics, and Marketing)
3 sub-accounts within your Math & Science sub-account. (Biology, Physics, and Statistics)
1 sub-account within your Arts & Humanities sub-account. (Visual Arts)
2 sub-accounts within your Visual Arts sub-account. (Photography, and Digital Media)
Required Field*| Sticky Field^
account_id*: This is a unique identifier used to create a sub-account. The courses.csv file will allow you to assign courses to a particular account id. This unique identifier must not change for the account, and must be globally unique across all accounts. In the Canvas UI, this is called the SIS ID and can be modified by visiting the Settings for each respective sub-account.
parent_account_id*^: This identifier indicates that a sub-account should be nested beneath this parent account. If this field is blank then the sub-account will be nested beneath your root or main account. Note that even if all values are blank, the column must be included to differentiate the file from a group import.
name*^: This is the name for the sub-account.
status*: This is how you can create or remove a sub-account. Mark as active to add a sub-account or deleted to remove an existing sub-account.
integration_id: This is a secondary unique identifier useful for more complex SIS integrations. This identifier must not change for the account, and must be globally unique.
terms.csv
A term provides a default set of start and end dates to any course assigned to that term. Term dates for courses can be manually managed at the course level without an import file. However, attaching a term_id to many different courses ensures all courses in that term begin/end at the same time. Uploaded term dates will also help you sort and organize courses when viewing data and reports in the Admin interface.
Download a sample terms.csv file with 10 terms.
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
term_id*: This is a unique identifier for the term. The courses.csv will allow you to reference this term_id so your courses know when to start and when to conclude. This identifier must not change for the term, and must be globally unique across all terms. In the user interface, this is called the SIS ID.
name*^: This is the name of your term. Come up with a good naming convention that will help you easily reference your terms. There are many admin tools that allow you to search or query data by the term name.
status*: This is how you can create or remove a term. Mark as active to add a term or deleted to remove an existing term.
start_date^: This is the date the term begins. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ (The T may be replaced with a space,as seen in the example screenshot.) For example August 26, 2013 at 5:00pm EST would be written 2013-08-26T17:00-5:00
end_date^: This is the date the term ends. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ (The T may be replaced with a space, as seen in the example screenshot.) By default, user access is cut off at midnight on your indicated end date, meaning the previous day is the last full day that users have access to the term. Best practice is to set your end date to the day after the term ends.
integration_id: This is a secondary unique identifier useful for more complex SIS integrations. This identifier must not change for the term, and must be globally unique.
date_override_enrollment_type: This allows you to set or remove start and end dates for a specific enrollment type within an existing term. When set, all columns except term_id, status, start_date, and end_date to be ignored for the row. If status is set to active, the term dates will apply only to enrollments of the given type. If status is set to deleted, the currently set dates will be removed for the given enrollment type. Enrollment type can be set to StudentEnrollment, TeacherEnrollment, TaEnrollment, or DesignerEnrollment.
courses.csv
A course is an organized presentation about a particular subject. Sometimes a course may include a series of courses. Courses are placed within terms to create default start and end dates. However, if a course includes specific course dates, these dates will override the student access dates on the term, identified by the term_id (if included.) The value of attaching a term_id is that you will be able to sort and organize the courses when viewing data and reports, in the Admin interface. A term_id can be easily attached to many different courses that begin/end at the same time. If you do not link a course to a term then the course will be linked to the term called Default Term.
If your institution has enabled Blueprint Courses, you can use a courses.csv to add associated courses to a blueprint course. Please note that the blueprint course must be created and enabled as a blueprint course before associated courses can be added. 
Download a sample courses.csv file with 10 courses; they reside within their respective sub-accounts in a specific term.
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
course_id*: This is a unique identifier used to differentiate courses within Canvas. This identifier must not change for the course and must be globally unique across all courses. In the user interface, this is called the SIS ID.
short_name*^: This is a short name for the course. In the Canvas UI this is also called the Course Code or Reference Code.
long_name*^: This is a long (full) name for the course. (This can be the same as the short name, but if both are available, it will provide a better user experience to provide both.)
account_id^: This is the unique SIS ID account identifier (from the accounts.csv) which tells the course under which sub-account it will reside. If an account_id is not specified for a new course, then the course will be attached to your main/root account. The SIS ID can be found in the subaccount's Settings. 
term_id^: This is the unique term identifier (from the terms.csv) which tells the course when to begin and when to conclude. If associating a term_id with a course you do not need to enter a start_date or end_date.
status*^: This is the status of the course, also known as the workflow_state. This field allows you to create, remove, conclude, or publish a course. Mark as active to add a course, deleted to remove an existing course, completed to conclude an existing course, or published to publish an existing course.
integration_id: This is a secondary unique identifier useful for more complex SIS integrations. This identifier must not change for the course, and must be globally unique.
start_date^: This is the date the course begins. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ (The T may be replaced with a space.) 
end_date^: This is the date the course ends. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ (The T may be replaced with a space). By default, user access is cut off at midnight on your indicated end date, meaning the previous day is the last full day that users have access to the course. Best practice is to set your end date to the day after the course ends.
course_format: This is the format for the course. The format can be online, on_campus, or blended.
blueprint_course_id: This is the course ID of the blueprint course to which you want to add an associated course. To remove the Blueprint Course link you can pass 'dissociate' in place of the ID. In the user interface, this is the SIS ID of the blueprint course.
homeroom_course: This is used to designate homeroom courses for Canvas for Elementary accounts. Requires the Canvas for Elementary setting to be enabled.
sections.csv
A section subdivides students within a course. Multiple sections can also be cross-listed into one course, especially if all student sections are learning the same course material. Multiple sections can be placed in one course, but a section cannot contain multiple sections. Sections inherit the course dates as set by the term. However, if a section includes specific dates, these dates will override the student access dates for the course and the term start and/or end dates. 
If you are trying to delete a course and the users are associated with sections, you'll need to include the section_id parameter in the CSV import as well as the section SIS IDs.
Download a sample sections.csv file with the following sections:
4 sections in the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
4 sections in the ACCT310 - Managerial Accounting course
2 sections in the BIO101 - Intro to Biology course
This file assumes that you may have multiple sections within one course. Many institutions import course sections as separate courses. This can be done by (1) creating a Canvas course for each section in your courses.csv, then (2) creating a single section in each of these courses. You may use essentially the same data for the course and section including the SIS ID which will be the same for both the course_id and section_id.
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
section_id*: This is a unique identifier used to create sections within a course. This identifier must not change for the section, and must be globally unique. In the user interface, this is called the SIS ID.
course_id*^: This is the unique identifier of the course where the section will be added or deleted (added in courses.csv).
name*^: This is the name of the section. Sections are ordered alphabetically by name.
status*: This is how you can create or remove a section within a course. Mark as active to create a section or deleted to remove an existing section.
integration_id: This is a secondary unique identifier useful for more complex SIS integrations. This identifier must not change for the section, and must be globally unique.
start_date^: This is the date the section begins. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ (The T may be replaced with a space). 
end_date^: This is the date the section ends. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ (The T may be replaced with a space). By default, user access is cut off at midnight on your indicated end date, meaning the previous day is the last full day that users have access to the section. Best practice is to set your end date to the day after the section ends.
enrollments.csv
An enrollment is a user who has been enrolled in a course under a specific role. An enrollments.csv allows you to assign roles to users and place them into the appropriate courses. When the enrollment status of any user is marked as completed they will be limited to read-only access for that course.
Note: SIS enrollment CSV files that include start_date and end_date values override term dates, course dates, and section dates.
Download a sample enrollments.csv file with the following enrollments:
1 user as a teacher in the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
1 user as ta in the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
1 user as a designer in the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
3 users as students in section 1 of the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
3 users as students in section 2 of the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
1 user as an observer of a student in section 1 of the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
course_id*: (Required if the section_id is missing) This is a unique identifier for the course where the user will be enrolled (added in courses.csv). If enrolling students into the course rather than a specific section, put the course_id in this field. Otherwise, leave it blank.
root_account: This is the domain of the account to search for the user. 
start_date^: This is the enrollment start date. For start_date to take effect, the end_date also needs to be populated. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ. 
end_date^: This is the enrollment end date. For end_date to take effect, the start_date also needs to be populated. The format should be in ISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ. 
user_id*: This is the unique identifier of the user that will be enrolled within the designated courses (added in users.csv). If the user_integration_id is present, this field will be ignored.
user_integration_id*: (Required if the user_id is missing) This is the secondary unique identifier of the user (added in users.csv as the integration_id). 
role*: This is the role that a user will will be assigned to a user for the designated course. You enroll a user to be any of the following roles: teacher, designer, ta, student, observer or a custom role that you define. Each role has a permission set that Admins can customize at the main/root account or sub-account level.
role_id*: (Required if role is missing) This is the unique identifier for the role in which the user will be added as part of an enrollment.
section_id*: (Required if the course_id is missing) This is the unique identifier for the section in which the user will be enrolled (added in sections.csv). If enrolling students in a specific section of a course, put the section_id of the section here. Otherwise, leave this field blank. If no section_id is specified the default section for the course will be used. If a default section does not exist, one will be created automatically without an SIS ID.
status*: This is how you enroll, conclude, deactivate (make inactive), or remove an enrollment in a course. Mark as active to enroll a user in a course, completed to conclude a user's enrollment in a course, inactive to deactivate the user in the course, and deleted to remove a user from a course. When in an 'inactive' state, a student will be listed in the course roster for instructors but will not be able to view or participate in the course until the enrollment is activated. 
associated_user_id: (Observer role only) This is the unique identifier of the user whose information (including grades) the observer will be able to view. The observer should be enrolled in the same course/section as the user you would like them to observe. This field will be ignored for any role other than observer.
limit_section_privileges: This is how to designate that the enrollment will allow the user to only see and interact with users enrolled in the section given by course_section_id. This field defaults to false. Limiting students to interact by section only affects Collaborations, Chat, People, and Conversations. When enrolling instructors and TAs, section limitations allow those users to grade students in their same section(s). Discussion topics and Pages are not affected by section limitations and can be viewed by any student. These feature areas could be restricted by creating content in course groups.
notify: This is how you choose to send a notification to the enrolled user(s) when they are enrolled in a course.
group_categories.csv
Group categories allows you to organize groups in Canvas. A group_categories.csv allows you to create group categories at the account or course level. In the user interface, group categories are called group sets.
Download a sample group_categories.csv file with the following group categories:
Admin Groups
Designer Groups
History Project Groups
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
group_category_id: This is the identifier used to reference the group category. The identifier must not change for the group category, and must be globally unique.
account_id: This is the identifier that attaches the group category to an account (added in accounts.csv). If no account or course is specified, the group will be attached to the root account.
course_id: This is the identifier that attaches the group category to a course (added in courses.csv). If no course or account is specified the group will be attached to the root account.
category_name*^: This is the name of the group category.
status*: This is the status of the group category. Mark as active to create the group category or deleted to delete the group category.
groups.csv
A group can be used to provide collaborative opportunities for students, instructors, admins, or other users. A groups.csv allows you to create course-level and account-level groups. Groups uploaded via SIS can only be updated or deleted via SIS.
Download a sample groups.csv file with the following groups:
Admins
Math Teachers
Designers
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
group_id*: This is the unique identifier used to reference your group. It must not change for the group, and must be globally unique.
group_category_id: This is the identifier of the group category (added in group_categories.csv) into which you are adding a group. If no group category is specified, the group will be placed in the default group category for the defined account or course. If no account or course is specified, the group will be placed in the default group category for the root account.
account_id: This is the identifier that attaches the group to an account (added in accounts.csv). If none is specified, the group will be attached to the root account.
course_id: This is the identifier that attaches the group to a course (added in courses.csv). If no course or account is specified the group will be attached to the root account.
name*^: This is the name of the group.
status*: This is the status of the group. Mark as available to set the group open for membership or deleted to delete the group.
groups_membership.csv
Membership in a group allows users to collaborate on activities in Canvas. A groups_membership.csv allows you to bulk add or remove people to a group you have created via groups.csv. 
Download a sample groups_membership.csv file with the following group memberships:
1 accepted user in the Admins group
1 accepted user in the Math Teachers group
1 deleted user in the Math Teachers group
Required Field*
group_id*: This is the unique identifier used to reference your group (added in groups.csv).
user_id*: This is the unique identifier of the user you want to add to the group (added in users.csv).
status*: This is the status of the users in the group. Mark as accepted to add a user to a group or deleted to remove a user from a group.
xlists.csv
Cross-listing allows you to move sections into another course. A xlist.csv file allows you to cross-list sections into existing courses and create a section hierarchy. 
Section ids are expected to exist already and already reference other course ids. If a section id is provided in this file, it will be moved from its existing course id to a new course id, such that if that new course is removed or the cross-listing is removed, the section will revert to its previous course id. If xlist_course_id does not reference an existing course, it will be created. If you want to provide more information about the cross-listed course, please do so in courses.csv.
Download a sample xlists.csv file with the following courses and sections:
4 active sections from the ACCT300 - Cost Accounting course cross-listed into the ACCT310 - Managerial Accounting course
Required Field*
xlist_course_id*: This is the identifier of the new course (added in courses.csv). 
section_id*: This is the identifier of the section (added in sections.csv).
status*: This is the status of the section. Mark as active to make the section active or deleted to remove the section.
user_observers.csv
The observer role can be used to enroll parents and link them to a student, allowing them to view their student's grades and course interactions. A user_observers.csv allows you to enroll and link observers to each of the designated student's enrollments.
Download a sample user_observers.csv file with the following enrollments:
2 active observers
1 deleted observer
Required Field*
observer_id*: This is the unique identifier of the observer (added as the user_id in users.csv). 
student_id*: This is the unique identifier of the student (added as the user_id in users.csv).
status*: This is the status of the observer. Mark as active to enroll the observer for each of the student's enrollments or deleted to remove all the observer's enrollments.  
logins.csv
The logins.csv allows you to create or update login credentials for users. Logins can only be added to existing users. Logins can be removed using the users.csv.
Download a sample logins.csv file with three user logins.
Required Field* | Sticky Field^
user_id*: This is the unique identifier of the user (referenced in enrollments.csv). This value must not change for the user and must be unique across all users. Called the SIS ID in the Canvas user interface.
integration_id: This is a secondary unique identifier useful for complex SIS integrations. This value must not change for the user and must be unique across all users. This field should be left blank when merging users with matching integration IDs.
login_id*: This is the name that the user would use to log in to Canvas. For configured authentication services, such as LDAP, this will be the username from the remote system.
password: This is the password that the user will use to log in to Canvas. This field should not be filled for accounts configured to LDAP or SSO.
ssha_password: This is a password generated with a pre-hashed SSHA generation scheme.
authentication_provider_id: This is the authentication provider that the login is associated with.
existing_user_id^: This is the user's SIS ID, as found in the users.csv.
existing_integration_id^: This is the user's integration ID, as found in the users.csv.
existing_canvas_user_id^: This is the user's Canvas ID.
root_account: This is the domain account for the user.
email: This is the user's email address.
Notes: 
One of existing_user_id, existing_integration_id, or existing_canvas_user_id is required for a successful import of logins.csv.
The root_account field is required when identifying users in a trusted account (e.g., when cross-listing users across accounts within a trusted account).
admins.csv
Admins manage settings for an entire account or subaccount. An admins.csv allows you to designate users in Canvas as account admins or other custom account or subaccount roles.
Download a sample admins.csv file with the following admins:
2 active account admins
1 deleted account admin
2 active custom account roles
Required Field*
user_id*: This is the unique ID of the user you would like to designate as an admin (added in users.csv).
account_id*: This is the unique identifier of the account in which you would like the admin to reside (added in accounts.csv). If this column is left blank, the user will reside in the root account. This column is always required, even if the value is blank. 
role_id*: (required if role is missing) This is the ID of the role, either the default ID or a custom ID defined by the account.
role*: (required if role_id is missing) This is the name of the role, either the default Account Admin role or a custom role defined by the account. If you are adding an account admin, format the field to read 'AccountAdmin'. If you are adding a custom role, format the field exactly as it appears in the Canvas UI.
status*: This is the status of the admin. Mark as active to create an active admin or deleted to remove an admin.
root_account: This is the domain of the account to search for the user.
change_sis_id.csv
A SIS ID is a unique identifier for an object in Canvas. A change_sis_id.csv allows you to bulk change SIS IDs for existing accounts, terms, courses, sections, groups, or users.
Download a sample change_sis_id.csv file with the following SIS ID changes:
1 user SIS ID change
1 course SIS ID change
1 term SIS ID change
Required Field*
old_id*: This is the current SIS ID of the object.
new_id*: This is the desired SIS ID of the object. The new SIS ID must be currently unique to the object type and the root account.
type*: This is the type of object. Type can be account, term, course, section, group, or user.How do I view the course access report for an individual user as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
If the user's Option icon does not display, click the user's Name.
In the User Details Sidebar, click the user's name to open the User Details page.
Open Access Report
Locate the user details sidebar. Depending on the page display, click the Access Report link or button.
View Access Report
The access report will show you:
The content the user has viewed.
The number of times the user viewed the content. A view is counted each time a user navigates to the URL where the content resides or downloads an attachment.
The number of times the user participated (if applicable, such as posting to a discussion or submitting an assignment).
The last time the user viewed the content.
To return to the User Details page, click the Back to User Page button.
Note: The access report is part of a course permission. If you cannot see some of these columns in the report, you do not have access to view them.
View Course Navigation Content Icons
When the user clicks on links directly in Course Navigation and views an index page, icons display for the following links: 
Course Home
Grades
Syllabus
Outcomes
Modules
People—also displays a student name when the user views information for another student in the course 
View Course Participation Content Icons
When a user navigates to course content areas from Course Navigation or views named course content, the following icons display in the access report: 
Assignments: displays next to graded and ungraded assignments. Participation is counted if the user submits an assignment.
Discussions: displays next to discussions and announcements. Participation is counted if a user posts a reply. If the user accesses content from an announcement, such as an assignment, the Access Report displays a Discussion icon. 
Quizzes: displays next to quizzes. Participation is counted if a user starts a quiz, even if they do not submit any answers.
External Link: displays next to external links (LTI) such as Microsoft365 and Conferences. Participation is counted for external links such as Collaborations and Conferences, but is not counted when a user participates in Chat.
Pages: displays next to content added as a page in the course. Participation is not recorded if a user views pages. 
Files: displays next to views or previews of course files.Participation is not recorded if a user views files. 
Note: The Access Report does not display a specific icon for groups. If a user accesses content from a group, such as a discussion or an assignment, the action is labeled with the appropriate content icon. How do I change the status of a submission in SpeedGrader as an instructor
View SpeedGrader
SpeedGrader includes several areas to help you locate and view student submissions, grade submissions, and add comments to submissions.
View Submission Status
View the assignment status. To change the submission status, click the Edit button.
Select Late Status
To select a Late status, click the Late option. 
The Late status indicates an assignment that was submitted after the due date. You can enter how late the student submitted the assignment in the Day(s) or Hour(s) field. The name of the field is determined by the late policy settings in the Gradebook.
SpeedGrader displays the late penalty applied and the final grade for the assignment.
Note: The Day(s)/Hour(s) field supports up to two decimal places.
Select Missing Status
To select a Missing status, click the Missing option. 
The Missing status indicates an online assignment that has not been submitted and is past the due date.
Note: When the Automatically apply grade for missing submissions setting is enabled, entering MI or mi in the assignment cell applies the missing status to an assignment.
Select Excused Status
To select an Excused status, click the Excused option. 
The Excused status indicates that the student has been excused from making a submission. Students are not able to submit excused assignments, and excused assignments are not calculated in the student's total grade. You can also excuse an assignment by typing EX in the assignment cell. 
Select Custom Status
Depending on your institution, you may be able to view and select a custom status. 
To select an custom status, click the custom status option. You cannot make changes to the custom statuses.
Select No Status
To select no status, click the None option.
The None status indicates that no status exists, or that the assignment was turned in before the due date. 
You can also update any late or missing assignment to have no status if you do not want a label displayed in the student's grades page.
Student View Assignment Status
Students can view a label for the given submission status in the Grades page. Labels display for late submissions and missing submissions. Excused assignments display EX in the assignment's Score field.
Assignments without a status or None status do not display a label.How do I add an assignment using an external app as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Select External Tool Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the External Tool option. 
Select Submission Tool Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, you may be able to select an external tool directly.
The external tool displays an icon, the name of the tool, and the tool description.
Note: To select an external tool directly from the Submission Type drop-down menu, your institution must set Submission Type Selection as a placement option for the external tool in the Developer Keys page.
Find External Tool
Click the Find button or enter the External Tool URL in the URL field.
Configure External Tool
Click the name of the LTI tool. Depending on the tool type, you may be taken to a separate screen for further configuration.
If you want the assignment to load in a new tab, click the Load in a new tab checkbox. Click the Select button.
Load Tool in a New Tab
To load the assignment in a new tab, click the Load This Tool In A New Tab checkbox.
Note: If you enabled the Load in a new tab checkbox when configuring the external tool, the Load this Tool In A New Tab checkbox will already be selected.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.How do I view Pages as a student
View Pages 
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
Note: If the Pages link is not available in Course Navigation, you can access course pages through the Modules page.
View All Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To view the Pages index, click the View All Pages button. 
View Pages Index
The Pages index will list all the pages in the course. Click the title of the page you want to view.
View Modules
You may also be able to view pages in Modules. In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
View Modules Index
Each module can contain files, discussions, assignments, quizzes, and other learning materials the instructor decides to add. Course Pages are indicated with a document icon. Depending on how your course is set up, you may not be able to view module items that have a pre-requisite requirement. How do I preview a file as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Open File
Click the name of the file you want to preview.
Open File via Toolbar
You can also click the line item for the file and click the View icon.
Preview File
The preview toolbar displays the file and file information details, as well as a link to download the file.How do I use peer review discussions in a course as an instructor
View Peer Review Discussions
When you or a TA create a peer review graded discussion, you can assign peer reviews manually or you can have Canvas assign them automatically.
When a peer review has been assigned, students can view a notification in their Dashboard To Do sidebar or Activity Stream. Students will also receive an email notification.
View Peer Review Comments
To complete a peer review, students must review the discussion and leave a comment on the submission details page.
Students cannot view previously submitted comments by any other reviewers, including comments by TAs or other instructors.
You can also assign a rubric to the graded discussion. If the discussion includes a rubric, students must only complete the rubric to complete the peer review. However, you can choose to ask your students to also leave a comment in the comment sidebar. The rubric score is used for an assessment opinion only; you must review the graded discussion and assign the final grade.
View Peer Review Grades
Students do not receive a grade for completing a peer review. If you want to assign extra points for peer reviews, you can create a No Submission assignment in the Gradebook and assign points manually. The Peer Review page for the discussion will show the names of students who have completed the peer review.Can a student resubmit Canvas assignments
Select Submission Attempts
You can select the number of submission attempts allowed for all students. In the Allowed Attempts drop-down menu, you can select if students receive unlimited submissions or limited submissions.
If you select the Limited attempts option, you can select the amount of attempts allowed in the Number of Attempts field.
Set Assignment Availability Dates
If you want to keep students from resubmitting assignments after a certain date, you can change the Assignment availability dates. Next to the date you want to change, click the Calendar icon.
Set Date
Set the date and time the assignment availability date by selecting a date and time. Click the Done button. 
Save Assignment
Click the Save button.
Student View for Resubmit Assignment
If a student can resubmit an assignment, the New Attempt button displays in the assignment page.
If a student has used all their submission attempts, the New Attempt button will display as disabled.
View Assignments in SpeedGrader
Open the student's Assignment in SpeedGrader. When a student has submitted multiple submissions, you can view them by clicking the drop-down button. 
Select Submission
Select the submission you'd like to view. 
Viewing Older Submissions
If you view an older submission, Canvas will warn you that the submission you are viewing is not the most recent version.
Regrading Assignments
If you have already graded an assignment that a student has resubmitted, you have the option of using the same grade for the resubmission without doing any additional work. To apply the same grade to the new assignment, click the Use this same grade for the resubmission link. How do I use the Accessibility Checker in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
View Accessibility Checker Notifications
If any accessibility issues are detected within the Rich Content Editor, the Accessibility Checker display an indicator.
To view accessibility issues, click the Accessibility Checker icon. 
View Issues
When an issue is detected, the Rich Content Editor highlights the affected area. The sidebar displays the accessibility attribute and an explanation of the error. To learn more about the accessibility attribute, click the Information icon.
View Additional Issues
If the Rich Content Editor contains more than one issue, you can view all issues by clicking the Previousor Nextbuttons.
Apply Fix
To correct an issue, complete the task as noted in the sidebar. For instance, if the issue requires that alt text be added to an image, the sidebar displays a text field for you to enter alt text.
When you are finished with your changes, click the Apply button.
The Accessibility Checker will apply the fix and display information for the next issue. Continue to review and fix any detected issues within the editor.
Confirm Fix
When all issues have been fixed, or if no issues are detected in the Rich Content Editor, the sidebar indicates that no issues exist and will close automatically.Which countries are restricted from using Canvas
Instructure complies with United States regulations related to embargoed countries and regions. As required by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, Instructure currently prohibits the unauthorized use of its products or services.
The exportation, re-exportation, sale or supply, directly or indirectly, from the United States, or by a U.S. person wherever located, of any Instructure products, services, or technology (including technical data) to any of these countries or regions is strictly prohibited without the prior authorization by the U.S. government.
Due to the evolving nature and wide reach of U.S. sanction programs, customers and their users are urged to consult applicable U.S. export control laws and regulations for further information.How do I grade a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open SpeedGrader
To open SpeedGrader, hover over the assignment column header and click the Options icon. Then click the SpeedGrader link.
View SpeedGrader
View the quiz in SpeedGrader. When grading quizzes, you can use the SpeedGrader menu options, change students, change submissions, and leave assignment comments. Learn how to use SpeedGrader.
View Questions That Need Review
If any questions require manual grading, the Results page displays a warning message that lists the questions to review. Essay and file upload questions must be graded manually.
View Results
Quiz results include the percentage score, point score, and time to complete attempt.
Grade Item
Items the require manual grading display a gray border. 
To leave additional comments on the item, click the Comment icon. To give a student full points for an answer, click the Checkmark button. To give a student no points for an answer, click the X button. You can also use the Arrow buttons to increase or decrease the score. 
Regrade Item
You can also regrade quiz items that have already been graded.
Assign Fudge Points
In the Fudge Points field at the bottom of the window, enter the number of points you want to add to the overall quiz score. You can also enter negative points.
When you are ready to change the student's quiz score, click the Update button.How do I use Chat as an instructor
Open Chat
In Course Navigation, click the Chat link.
View Chat
When you open the Chat page, you immediately join the chat. Chat discussion appears in the content window. 
To receive audio alerts for new chat messages, click the New message alerts button. You will receive audio alerts if Chat is open in Canvas but is not the active browser window. You will not receive alerts if you leave Chat to view another area in Canvas. 
Message history for each course is included in the chat. Chat history can be accessed indefinitely by loading more results and scrolling through previous course chats.
Note: Alert capabilities may vary between browsers.
View Online Users
Chat displays the number of users who are in the chat. To view a list of these users, hover your cursor over the number.
View Time Stamp
When a user sends multiple chat messages without another user sending a message, all messages will appear under the first message's time stamp. To view additional time stamps, hover your cursor over the message. 
Send Message
To send a chat message, enter your message in the chat window. To add an emoji to your message, click the Emoji icon. Then click the Send button.
Delete Message
You can delete messages in the chat from any user.
To delete a chat message, hover your cursor over the message and click the Delete icon.
Note: Deleting messages is permanent. You cannot restore a deleted message.How do I delete a New Quizzes quiz as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Delete Quiz
Find the quiz you want to delete.
To delete the quiz, click the Options icon and click the Delete option.
Confirm Deletion
To delete the quiz, click the OK button. To edit your quiz in another manner, click the Cancel button.How do I get authorized to connect Canvas Data 2 via an API Client (Postman) as an admin
Generate Client Credentials via Identity Services
Before using a Postman, you need to generate a Client ID and Secret for Canvas Data 2.
Add New Authorization Request
In Postman, to add a new request, click the Add tab and then click the Authorization tab.
Select Authorization Type
In the Authentication Type drop-down menu, select the Basic Auth option.
Note: You can also use a CURL script to retrieve a token.
Enter User Credentials
Enter the user credentials:
Username (Client ID): enter the developer key generated in Identity Services
Password (Client Secret): enter the secret generated in Identity Services
Select POST method as the request type, and set the following URL:
https://api-gateway.instructure.com/ids/auth/login
Generate Access Token
In the Body tab, select the x-www-form-urlencoded option. In the KEY field, enter “grant_type” and in the VALUE field, enter “client_credentials”.
Click the Send button. 
In case of successful authorization, you will receive the access token in the API response. You can use this short-lived token to send request to the CD2 API.
For all available requests, check the Canvas Data 2 API Documentation.
You can also use the preconfigured requests from the Postman collection described in the set up Canvas Data 2 in Postman document.How do I create a new ePortfolio section as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open Sections
Click the Organize Sections link. 
Add Section
To create a new ePortfolio section, click the Add Section link.
Add Section Name
Type your new section name in the section name field. Press Return (on a Mac keyboard ) or Enter (on a PC keyboard). 
Manage Sections
To edit any section, click the Settings menu. To rename a section, click the Rename link. To delete a section, click the Delete link. To move a section, click the Move to... link. You can also rearrange sections by clicking and dragging them.
Save Section
When you are finished adding and/or editing your new ePortfolio sections, click the Done Editing button.How do I close a discussion for comments in a group as a student
Open Discussions
In Group Navigation, click the Discussions link. 
View Discussions
The group Discussions Index page is very similar to the course Discussions Index page. It displays a link to the discussion and indicates whether the user is subscribed. A green discussion icon indicates a subscription to the discussion.
Close for Comments
Click the Options icon and select the Close for comments link.
View Discussion
The discussion is listed on the Discussions Index page in the Closed for Comments section.How do I use the To Do list and sidebar in the Dashboard as an instructor
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Sidebar Course Items
The sidebar shows various action items in all your courses. Each item is associated with a specific course. All items from all your active courses display in the sidebar—not just favorited courses in the Dashboard.
For course identification, each sidebar item displays the course code, or short name, for the course. The course code is located directly below the full course name. 
Course nicknames can be set in place of sidebar course codes that are long or otherwise confusing to remember which courses they represent. If you have created a nickname for a course, the nickname displays in the sidebar instead of the course code. However, the original course code always displays in the course card.
View Instructor Sections
The sidebar helps you manage grading in all of your courses. However, assignments that are not graded or do not require an online submission only display until the due date.
The To Do section shows all items that require grading in Canvas, regardless of due date. Each item in the To Do list displays the assignment name, the course name, the number of points, and the due date for the assignment. Some assignments may display multiple due dates. 
The Coming Up section shows assignments and events coming due in the next seven days. Items can include ungraded quizzes and assignments that do not require a submission, though these assignment types do not display in the To Do grading list for instructors. Some items may display multiple due dates. The Coming Up section displays up to 20 items ordered according to date. 
If your Canvas admin has granted you permission to create courses, you may see the Start a New Course button, which would allow you to create a new Canvas Course.
The View Grades button links to the Dashboard Grades page and displays the overall grade average for all your active courses.
Manage Sidebar Items
Each section item indicates how many items need to be graded. By default, Grade Assignment links open to SpeedGrader in a new browser tab. You can disable Grade Assignment links from opening in a new tab in your User Feature Settings. 
If a section contains more items than are listed, a link will appear under the list that you can use to view all to-do items.
The To Do section shows up to seven items with due dates in the upcoming weeks. To view more items, you must manually remove items from the list. To remove a To Do item, click the remove icon.
Note: When an item is removed, the item can only be restored to the To Do section if a new submission is received for that assignment.How do I subscribe to the Announcements RSS feed as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open External Feeds
Click the External Feeds link.
Open RSS Feed
Click the RSS Feed link.
Notes:
If you use a Firefox browser to access Canvas, you can add a Live Bookmark from this screen.
If you use a Safari browser to access Canvas, Safari automatically creates a RSS feed for you from this screen.
Copy URL
Copy the URL in your browser's address bar. Then open your preferred RSS feed reader and paste the copied URL in the text box. How do I create a group discussion in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Create Group Discussion
Enter a discussion title in the Topic Title field. 
Add discussion content using the Rich Content Editor. 
In the discussion options, select the This is a Group Discussion checkbox.
Select Group Set
To select an existing group set, click the Group Set drop-down menu. To create a new group category, click the New Group Category button.
Create Group Set
If you chose to create a new group category, enter the group set and group information in the Create Group Set modal.
Type the group set name in the Group Set Name field.
If you want to allow for self sign-up for groups in the group set, check the Allow self sign-up checkbox.
Select a group structure option in the Group Structure section. You can choose to split students into a set number of groups, split students into groups with a set number of students per group, or create groups later on the People page.
When you're finished, click the Save button to create the group set and groups.
You can refer to our group guides for more information about creating and editing group sets and creating groups.
Set Availability Dates
To make your discussion available on a specific date or during a specific date range, enter the dates in the Available From and Until fields, or click the calendar icons to select dates. These dates apply to all users. By default, these fields are left blank and the discussion can be viewed throughout the entire course. 
Note: These fields only apply for non-graded discussions; If you create a graded group discussion, these date fields do not apply.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
When your discussion is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button.
View Discussion
View the discussion. A Teacher or TA will see links to each group. Click the group name to open the group discussion and view replies to the topic.
View Discussion in Discussions Redesign
If your course has Discussions Redesign enabled, you can view the discussion in Discussions Redesign. To open the group discussion, click the Groups icon, then click the name of the group you want to open.
Student View of Discussion
When students open the discussion, they will be taken to the Discussions page within their specified project group to complete the assignment.
Note: Discussion posts cannot be made anonymously.How do I create a Google Docs collaboration as a student
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Start a new collaboration button.
Authorize Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize Google Drive Access button to log in to Google.
Collaborate Using Google Docs
Click the Collaborate using drop-down menu and select Google Docs.
Create Collaboration Document
To create a collaboration document using Google Docs, you will first need to name the document, create a description, and select collaborators. By default, you can view the list of people in the course and can collaborate with individual or multiple users in the course. You can also click the Groups tab and collaborate with a group. 
Click the Start Collaborating button.
Notes: 
Google Docs allows you to add up to 50 users per collaboration, and all users can view and edit a document at the same time.
Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration from groups.
Edit Document
View the newly created document in a new browser window.
Note: By default, any collaborator can share the document. The document owner can manage the document's share settings from within the Google Doc.How do I view my quiz results as a student in New Quizzes
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
To open a quiz, click the title of the quiz.
View Attempt History
You can view the attempt history for each attempt you’ve completed for a quiz. The Attempt History table includes the points and score earned for each attempt. You can also view which of your scores will be added to your grades.
Notes: 
If you cannot view points in your quiz results, your instructor has hidden points awarded and/or points possible.
If the quiz you are accessing displays differently, your instructor may have used the Classic Quizzes tool to create the quiz. Functionality may differ between these quiz types. For help with quiz results, please see How do I view quiz results as a student?
Open Results
To open results for an attempt, click the link for that attempt.
View Results
View the results for your quiz.
View Grading Message
If any of your quiz questions require instructor grading, a notification displays in the Results page.
View Results Restriction Message
If you cannot view your results, your instructor has restricted view of the results page. You can still view if your quiz submission was successful or not.
View Answers
You can view the total points earned for each question.
Correct answers are indicated by a green checkmark icon. Incorrect answers are indicated by a red X icon. Incorrect answers include the solution for the correct response.
Note: If you cannot view answers for quiz items, your instructor has hidden quiz items or correct/incorrect indicators.
View Feedback
If your instructor has added feedback to a question, you can view that feedback in your quiz results.How do I view grades for inactive or concluded student enrollments in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Student Name Menu
Hover over the Student Name column header and click the Options icon.
Show Inactive Enrollments
To view inactive enrollments, select the Inactive enrollments link.
View Inactive Enrollments
View the inactive student in the Gradebook. You will be able to edit the grades. However, the student will not able to access the course to view the grades or any submission comments or feedback.
Show Concluded Enrollments
To view concluded enrollments, select the Concluded enrollments link.
View Concluded Enrollments
View the concluded student in the Gradebook. You will not be able to edit the grades. Once I publish a timed quiz, how can I give my students extra time
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Moderate this Quiz
Click the Moderate This Quiz link.
Moderate Quiz
To moderate a quiz for one student, locate the student and click the Edit icon. You can also filter students in your course by using the Search People field.
Moderate Quiz For Multiple Students
If you want to select multiple students, click the checkbox next to each of their names. If you want to select all students, click the top checkbox. Click Change Extensions for [#] Selected Students button.
Add Extra Time on Attempt
Type the number of extra minutes in the Extra Time on Every Attempt field. Extra time can only be added in full-minute increments.
If you are adding time for multiple students, the student extension box will apply the extra time for all selected students.
If the student hasn't taken the quiz, the extra time will be added to the student's initial attempt and additional attempts. Learn more about managing extra attempts.
Notes: 
The Extra Time on Every Attempt field only displays for quizzes with a time limit.
Quiz availability dates still apply when moderating a quiz. If the Until date passes when students are taking the quiz with extended time, the quiz auto-submits even if the student's time extension has not expired.
Add Extra Time on Current Attempt
If a student is currently taking the quiz while you are viewing the Moderate Quiz page, you can extend the quiz time as part of their current attempt.
For current attempts, the remaining time will display next to a clock icon. 
To extend the time on the quiz, click the clock icon.
Note: You can only extend the time for one current quiz attempt at a time.
Extend Quiz Time
Canvas will show you what time the quiz began, and what time it is scheduled to end.
In the minutes field, enter the number of extra minutes you want to give the student as part of their current attempt. The maximum time you can extend a current attempt is 1440 minutes (24 hours).
In the time drop-down menu, choose whether you want to add those minutes to the current time or the current (scheduled) end time.
If you want to end the quiz in relation to the current time, select the now option in the drop-down menu. 
As an example, a student started a 20-minute quiz at 11:30 am; the quiz is set to end at 11:50 am. You moderated this quiz at 11:40, meaning that 10 minutes have gone by. However, you want to have the quiz end at 11:45. Since the current time is 11:40, you need to end the quiz in 5 minutes. Enter the number 5 in the minutes field, and select the now option in the drop-down menu.
If you want to end the quiz in relation to the current end time of the quiz, select the current end time option in the drop-down menu. 
As an example, a student started a 20-minute quiz at 11:30 am; the quiz is set to end at 11:50 am. You moderated this quiz at 11:30, meaning it was nearly the same time that the student started the quiz, and you want to extend the quiz to end at noon. If the current end time is 11:50 am and you want to extend it by 10 minutes, enter the number 10 in the minutes field, and select the current end time option in the drop-down menu. 
Note: Quiz availability dates still apply when moderating a quiz. If the Until date passes when students are taking the quiz with extended time, the quiz auto-submits even if the student's time extension has not expired.
Extend Time
Click the Extend Time button.
Less Time Warning
Changing the time in relation to the Now option might mean that the student will have less time than was originally on the clock. In our example, the student still had 10 minutes remaining when the instructor moderated the quiz. Changing the time to 5 minutes means the student has 5 fewer minutes to take the quiz. 
If you want to change this option, click the Cancel button. Otherwise, click the OK button. 
Verify Extension
View student time extensions on the Moderate Quiz page. 
Note: Once you finish moderating a quiz, you can unpublish the quiz and all moderations will be saved. You can then continue to edit the quiz prior to publishing it for your students to access.How do I use the Moderation page in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To use the Moderate page, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Moderate Quiz
Click the Moderate tab.
View Moderation Page
The Moderation page displays a list of students in the course, their quiz attempts, the score for each attempt, thetime for each attempt, attempt logs, and quiz accommodations.
You can choose to display scores as a percentage or raw score by clicking the Configure icon. 
To moderate a quiz for an individual student, click the Moderate button. Moderation options include managing timer settings and reopening a student's most recent attempt.
To open SpeedGrader, click the SpeedGrader button.
Filter Results
To search for a specific student, type their name in the Search field. To filter displayed results by all attempts, no attempts left, attempts left, submitted attempts, or attempts where autograding failed, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
View Student Attempt
To view the details of a student attempt, click the attempt link.
The student results page includes a student’s answers and grades for each question. From this page, you can review student answers.
Depending on question type, you may be able to regrade quiz questions.
View Log
To view the log for a student’s quiz attempt, click the View Log link.
In the log, you can view the time and date a student began the quiz and completed the quiz. You can also view each event a student completed while taking the quiz and the time that event was completed.
To view more details about a quiz event, click the drop-down arrow next to the event.
Note: The completion time on the log may differ from the time displayed on the Moderate page by a few seconds. The time shown on the Moderate page is more accurate and should be referenced when reviewing student attempts on timed quizzes.
View In Progress Log
The attempt log indicates if an attempt is still in progress. To manually submit the student attempt, click the Submit This Attempt button.
View In Progress Attempts
If students are currently taking a quiz, the Moderate page displays the number of in-progress attempts. To manually submit in-progress attempts, click the attempts link.
View Failed Autograding
In some instances, New Quizzes may fail to automatically grade a student quiz. To view failed autograding quiz attempts, click the Autograding Failed option in the Sort bydrop-down menu.To manually grade the student's quiz, click the Attempt link.How do I add a rubric in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Rubrics
In Account Navigation, click the Rubrics link.
Add Rubric
Click the Add Rubric button.
Add Title
In the Title field, add a title for the rubric. This title helps instructors identify the rubric so they can associate it with an assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Edit Criterion Description
The rubric includes one default criterion entry. To edit the criterion description, click the Edit icon.
Note: Currently criterion cannot be reordered after they are added to a rubric. If you want to display criterion in a specific order, make sure you create them in the order that you prefer. 
Enter Descriptions
Enter a short description for the criterion in the Description field. To add a longer description to the criterion, enter a longer description. The longer description provides students more information about the criterion. Click the Update Criterion button.
Edit Total Point Value
Rubric ratings default to 5 points, awarding 5 points for full rubric marks and 0 points for no rubric marks.
If you want to adjust the total point value of the criterion, enter the number of points in the Points field. The first rating (full marks) updates to the new total point value and any incremental ratings adjust appropriately.
Select Range
By default, rubric ratings are created as individual point values. If you want to create a point range instead, click the Range checkbox. Ranges allow you to assign a rating for a range of point options instead of just one point value. 
When enabled, the first rating (full marks) shows the total point value in a range format. Each rating displays a maximum and minimum point value. For each rating, the maximum value is assigned as the point value. 
Except for the range value display, criterion ranges function the same way as individual point ratings. For instance, a range that includes a maximum of five points and a minimum of three points is assigned the full point value of five points. 
Add Ratings
To add a new rating for the criterion, click the Add icon.
Update Rating
In the Edit Rating window, complete the rating criterion description. 
By default, the new rating points field displays the point value between the two existing ranges. To change the point value for the rating score, enter the new point value in the Rating Score field. Points can be whole (1, 5, 10) or decimal (0.3, 0.5, 2.75) numbers.
In the Rating Title field, enter a title for the rating.
In the Rating Description field, enter a description for the rating.
Click the Update Rating button.
Update Range Rating
When ranges are enabled, the Rating Score field displays the point value between the two existing ranges. To change the point value for the rating score, enter the new point value in the Rating Score fields. 
Point values for range ratings should be whole numbers.
Manage Criterion
To edit a rating, click the Edit icon. Editing a specific rating value affects the full point value for the criterion. If you adjust the point value of a rating, the value of all ratings will adjust and create the updated point value for the criterion. 
To delete a rating, click the rating's Delete icon. Note that you cannot delete the first and last rating for the criterion.
To delete the entire criterion, click the criterion Delete icon. 
Add Criterion
To add another criterion, click the Add Criterion link. To create a new criterion, click the New Criterion option. To duplicate an existing criterion, click the name of the criterion you want to duplicate.
To find an outcome to align with the rubric, click the Find Outcome link. 
Note: Outcomes cannot be edited directly in a rubric.
Create Rubric
Click the Create Rubric button.
View Rubric
View the new rubric.
To edit the rubric, click the Edit icon. To delete the rubric, click the Delete icon.How do I submit a Microsoft Office 365 file as an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
You can add an Office 365 URL submission using the Web URL button. 
Alternatively, if the Microsoft Office 365 LTI has been added to your course, you can upload an Office 365 file using the More button. 
Submit Office 365 URL
To add an Office 365 URL as your assignment submission, click the Web URL option in the Choose a submission type section.
Create a shareable URL for your Office 365 file.
Then, in Canvas, add the shareable website URL to the Enter Web URL field. 
Once added, your website URL will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
To preview your URL in a new browser tab, click the View icon. 
Note: If a shareable link is not created, your instructor will not have permission to view your file. 
Submit Office 365 File
To upload a Microsoft Office 365 file as your assignment submission, click the More option in the Choose a submission type section.
Then click the Microsoft Office 365 option. 
Note: If the Microsoft Office 365 option does not display, your instructor has not installed the app in your course. 
Select File
Microsoft Office 365 displays a list of allowed file types. 
Click the checkbox of the appropriate file.
To save your upload as a draft, click the Attach File button. 
Submit Assignment
To submit your Office 365 file or URL as your assignment submission, click the Submit button. 
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.What are What-If Grades
View Current Grade
Canvas is always calculating two grades for students: the current grade (based on graded assignments) and the total grade (based on all assignments). 
When students view their grades, the current grade displays. The current grade is calculated by adding up the graded assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme. The current grade is calculated with the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox selected.
Note: If an instructor has hidden total grades in Course Settings, students cannot view their current grade or any percentages in assignment groups.
View Total Grade
To view the total grade in the course based on all assignments, students can de-select the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox.
The total grade displays. The total grade is calculated by adding up all the assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme. If a course is using weighted assignment groups, students can also see how each assignment is weighted in the course.
Note: If an instructor has hidden total grades in Course Settings, students cannot view their total grades or any percentages in assignment groups. However, toggling the calculation checkbox still affects individual assignments, such as if an assignment group contains a drop rule. 
Enter What-If Grades
The What-If tool allows students to calculate their total grade by entering hypothetical grades for any assignment. To test a different score for an assignment, students can click an assignment grade and enter a score in the score column. 
View Updated Total
Students can view the hypothetical What-If score and the newly calculated total.How do I create and manage organizations in the Edu App Center as an admin
Open Organizations
Click the Admin link. In the drop-down menu, select the Organizations link.
View Organizations
View the organizations in your account. To filter organizations by name, click the Filters link.
Each organization displays the number of apps, members, and administrators.
Create Organization
To create a new organization, click the Create Organization button.
Enter Information
Enter your organization name in the Organization Name field and website URL in the Website field.
To display new apps by default, click the Automatically make new apps visible on the allow list checkbox. 
Click the Save Changes button.
Open Organization Details
To view more information about an organization, click the View Organization button.
View Details
From the Details page, you can view the the organization's name, approval status, date created, and partner level.
To view app information, click the Apps tab. To view organization members, click the Members tab. To view App Center tokens, click the App Center Tokens tab.
To manage your allow list, click the Manage Allow List. button. To create a new app token, click the Create New Token button.
To edit organization details, click the Edit button.
Note: When an invalid access token is inputted into the Edu App Center, no tools display.
Add Member
To add a member to your organization, click the Add Member button.
Enter Member Details
Enter the email address for the member in the Email Address field. To designate the member as an administrator, click the Checked if this member is an administrator of the organization checkbox.
To add the member to your organization, click the Save Changes button.How do I manually assign students to groups as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
Click the name of the group set.
Confirm Groups
Confirm you have created all the groups for this group set. If you need more groups, you can create additional groups manually.
Manually Assign via Drag and Drop
In the Unassigned Students section, find the student you want to add to a group. Click the student's name and drag it to the group.
Manually Assign via Add Icon
You can also click the student name Add icon and select the group name. 
View Groups
Canvas will update the member count for that group to show the student has been added. 
Continue to manually add students to groups until all students have been added.
To expand the group and view all group members, click the arrow icon next to the group name. 
You can also move students between groups if necessary.How do I create hyperlinks to course, group, and user files in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of the file (e.g., Reading-Assignment.pdf), click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear.
To insert a link to a file at a certain point in the text, select the text for your hyperlink.
Open Links Menu
To view all links and files available in course and user files, click the Link Options arrow and select the Course Links option.
If you are accessing the Rich Content Editor from within a group, select the Group Links option.
Note: To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Add Sidebar
By default, the Add sidebar displays course links. To view all available course, group, or user files, click the Add drop-down menu and select the Files option.
View Files
To view course files, click the Course Files link. 
To view your user files, click the My Files link. 
If using the Rich Content Editor within a group, you can select a group file by clicking the Group Files link.
Sort Files
To sort the displayed files by image, document, or media file type, click the Alldrop-down menu and select the file type to sort files.
To sort the displayed files by date added or alphabetically, click the Date Addeddrop-down menu.
To search for a file, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Select File
Click the name of the file you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the file or the hyperlinked text.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content. To view the linked file, click the link. 
To download the file, click the Download icon. 
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon.How do I retrieve assignments from previous courses in my ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Open Page
Click the title of the page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Open Course Submission
Click the Course Submission link to retrieve assignments from previous courses.
Select Assignment
Click the assignment to add it to the page. You can only select one assignment submission at a time, but you can choose to add more than one submission to the page.
All assignments you have ever submitted will be listed in chronological order with the newer assignments appearing at the top and the older assignments appearing near the bottom. Click the Select Submission button.
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
The assignment submissions can now be viewed on your page. Assignments that were submitted as a file can be downloaded by clicking the file name.How do I create an icon using the Rich Content Editor Icon Maker as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Open Icon Maker from Toolbar
To add an icon from the toolbar, click the Icon Maker icon.
To create a new icon, click the Create Icon Maker Icon link.
To open a saved icon, click the Saved Icon Maker Icons link.
Add Icon Details
In the Name field, enter a name for your icon.
To add descriptive text to your icon, enter the name in the Alt Text field.
To disable Alt Text for your icon, check the Decorative Icon checkbox.
Edit Icon
In the Icon Shape drop-down menu, you can select the shape type you would like the icon to be. You can select between square, circle, triangle, diamond, pentagon, hexagon, octagon, and star shapes. 
If you would like to modify the size of your icon, use the Icon Size drop-down menu.
To change the color of your icon, click the Icon Color drop-down menu.
To add an outline to the icon, click the Icon Outline drop-down menu.
If you would like to modify the size of your outline, use the Icon Outline Size drop-down menu.
Edit Text
Type the text you would like to include on the icon in the Text field. 
If you would like to modify the size of your text, use the Text Size drop-down menu.
To change the color of your text, click the Text Color drop-down menu.
To change the color of your text background color, click the Text Background Color drop-down menu.
If you would like to modify the position of your text, use the Text Position drop-down menu.
Add Image
To add an image to your icon, click the Add Imagedrop-down menu.
You can upload your own image, add an Instructure predefined single color image, add an Instructure predefined multi color image, or add an image from your course files.
Add Instructure Predefined Images
You can select from Instructure predefined single color or multi color images.
Upload Image
To add a custom image to your icon, drag and drop or browse for the file on your computer and then click the Submit button.
Crop Image
You can crop the image to fit. 
To change the shape, click the Shape drop-down menu. 
To change the orientation, enter a number in the Rotation field or use the Rotation buttons.
To change the size, enter a number in the Percent field or use the Magnifying Glass buttons. 
To reset the uploaded image, click the Reset button.
To save your icon, click the Save button.
Upload Course Image
To upload a course image, click the preview of the previously uploaded file.
Apply Changes
To apply and save your icon to the Rich Content Editor, click the Apply button. 
View Unsaved Changes Warning
If you navigate away from the icon maker before applying your icon, Canvas generates a message warning that you have unsaved icon on the page.How do I merge my user account with an account using the same email address as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Combine User Accounts
To merge user accounts, click the Merge icon in the Ways to Contact sidebar.
Confirm Account Merger
To confirm that you would like to merge accounts, click the Combine button.
Enter Credentials
Enter the email address and password for the second account.
View Confirmation Message
Confirm the merge was successful.Canvas Data 2 Frequently Asked Questions
What is Canvas Data 2?
The goal of Canvas Data 2 (API) is to provide efficient access to data for download collected across various educational products in bulk with high fidelity and low latency.
Canvas Data 2 is not an analytics or reporting tool but it is built to share high-fidelity source data to power schools' analytics and custom reporting initiatives.
Data is referenced as datasets and provides more granular data than the Canvas Data star schema.
How do I get started with Canvas Data 2?
Canvas Data 2 datasets will be accessible via Application Programming Interface (API) and Command-line interface (CLI) or by leveraging our CLI Python Libraries. 
To learn more, visit How do I set up Canvas Data 2 with an API client (Postman)? and How do I use the Canvas Data 2 Command Line Interface (CLI) Tool?
How to report bugs/issues?
Send an e-mail to: canvasdatahelp@instructure.com.
We cannot guarantee an exact response time but we are aiming for within 48 hours.
Is my Canvas Data 1 access suspended as I opt-in for Canvas Data 2?
Canvas Data 1 (CD1) access won’t be immediately revoked as a customer gets onboarded to Canvas Data 2. We acknowledge that some transition time is required as your institution will need to implement data transformation and manipulation tooling because the schemas and download files for Canvas Data 1 and Canvas Data 2 are different. 
Nevertheless, the aim has to be to fully transition to Canvas Data 2 as Canvas Data 1 will be deprecated by the end of 2023.
When will Canvas Data 1 be deprecated?
We are planning to maintain Canvas Data 1 for at least six but not more than twelve months from the time Canvas Data 2 is marked as Generally Available. This will be the period during which customers migrate from Canvas Data 1 to Canvas Data 2.
Note: Data warehousing services hosted by Instructure Professional Services will be transitioned to Canvas Data 2 prior to the sunset of Canvas Data 1.
Is all the data from Canvas Data 1 also available via Canvas Data 2?
In terms of Canvas data yes and even more. Apache weblogs aka “requests” table are available in Canvas Data 2.
Will Canvas Data 2 give me access to data from the Requests Table?
Yes. Data from the weblogs are available in Canvas Data 2.
What is the expected data freshness going to be for Canvas Data 2?
Less than 4 hours from the time data is written to the application databases.
How to add Canvas Data 2 easily to Postman?
If you are using Postman client then it is good to know that if you download the OpenAPI spec, it can be directly imported into Postman (and some other API clients have similar features).
Otherwise you can use the reference Postman collection as a quick start.
How do I get the schema?
Either by the schema endpoint (API or CLI) or by downloading the OpenAPI spec. The top-level object is a mapping between Canvas table names and their JSON schema.
Additionally, you might also want to consult any or all of the resources below:
Entity relationship diagram
PostgreSQL schemaHow do I use the math Equation Editor in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Equation Editor
To open the Math Editor, click the Insert Math Equation icon.
You can also open the Math Editor from the Rich Content Editor menubar. Click the Insert link, then select the Equation option.
Note: To view the Insert Math Equation icon, you may need to click the Options icon. 
View Equation Editor
The Equation Editor provides a toolbar for inserting various operators and symbols.
You can enter expressions in the equation field.
You can view and edit or hide the LaTeX code behind an expression by clicking the Directly Edit LaTeX toggle.
View Toolbar Tabs
By default, the toolbar displays the Basic tab. To access other operators and symbols, click any of the following tabs: Greek, Operators, Relationships, Arrows, Delimiters, and Misc.
Create Math Expression
To enter expressions, press keys on your keyboard, click the toolbar buttons, or enter LaTeX code in the equation field. 
Note: To position the cursor in the correct spot as you enter an expression, you can press the arrow keys on your keyboard.
Fill Math Toolbar Placeholders
When you click a Math Editor toolbar button, placeholders may display. 
To fill in a placeholder, click it and enter a value from your keyboard or click a toolbar button. The value overwrites the placeholder.
Enter LaTeX Code
If you know the LaTeX code of an expression you want to enter, paste it or type it in the equation field. The code is automatically rendered. For example, if you enter \left(-\infty,4\right], the rendered code automatically displays.
View LaTeX Code
To view or edit the LaTeX code, click the Directly Edit LaTeX toggle on.
The LaTeX code displays in the equation field. 
Edit the code as needed. As you edit, the LaTeX rendering updates automatically.
Note: You can learn more about using LaTeX code for advanced math or chemistry and scientific notation.
Insert Expression
To add your mathematical expression to the Rich Content Editor, click the Done button.
Format
You can add text around your math expressions and insert additional math equations. Format them using the options in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
To save any changes made in the Rich Content Editor, click the Save button. 
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button.
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button.
Discussion and announcement replies display a Post Reply or Reply button.
Edit or Resize Equation
To resize or edit a math expression, click it to view the edit controls. Then, to resize the expression, hover the cursor over a resize handle, click, and drag to a new size. 
To open the Equation Editor and make edits, click the Edit Equation link. How do I manage content shared to me from other users as an instructor
Open Shared Content
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, and then click the Shared Content link. 
Note: When you receive new shared content, the Account and Shared Content links display a badge icon. 
View Received Content
The Received Content page displays a list of all content items that other users have sent to you. The list includes the title, content type, sender, and sent time and date for each sent item.
New content is indicated with an Unread icon. If you preview or import content, the icon changes to a Read icon. You can also manually mark items as read or unread, click the icon next to the item.
Notes: 
Shared content may be removed from your Received Content page after a period of time. It is recommended that you preview and import content as soon as possible after it is shared with you.
Shared announcements display as a Discussion Topic content type.
Preview Content
To preview a received content item, click the item Options icon. Select the Preview option.
View Content Preview
The Preview page displays the content item type and title. You can also view item details.
To close the page, click the Close icon.
Import Content
To import a received content item into a course, click the item Options icon. Select the Import option.
Select Course
Type the name of a course or course code in the Select a Course field. Then select the course into which you want to import the item.
Select Location
If you wish, you can import the item into a specific module and location within a course.
Click or type a module name in the Select a Modulefield. Then select the module.
To select a location within the module, click the Placedrop-down menu. You can select to import the item to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module.
Note: The option to select a module displays when importing an announcement, but is not functional. You cannot place a copied announcement in a module.
Import Content
Click the Import button.
Remove Content
To remove a received content item, click the item Options icon. Select the Remove option.
Confirm Remove
Click the OK button. 
Note: Removing a content item deletes the item from your list of received items. However, if you have imported the item into a course, the content item is not removed from your course. How do I start a conference in a student group as a student
Open Conferences
In Group Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution.
Start Conference
Next to the conference you want to start, click the Start button.
Canvas will direct you to the conference room for your conference.Selecting quiz options
No Submission Quiz
If a quiz is taken in a classroom or outside of Canvas, you should create an assignment using the No Submission submission type. This assignment type allows you to manually set the points possible and enter grades for your students. 
Create No Submission Assignment
Create a new assignment in your Canvas course. In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the No Submission option.
View Assignment in Gradebook
You can view the assignment in the Gradebook and enter student's quiz grades.How do I create an anonymously graded quiz using New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link. 
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Select Anonymous Grading
Click the Graders cannot view student names checkbox. 
Note: Once changes are saved you cannot remove anonymous grading.
Save Assignment
If you want to notify users about any future assignment changes, click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox.
To save your quiz details, click the Save button. To save and publish your quiz, click the Save & Publish button.
To open the New Quizzes build page and add questions and content to your quiz, click the Build button.
Note: Once changes are saved you cannot remove anonymous grading.How do I view Modules as a student
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
View Modules
In Modules, you can view all the modules in your course. Modules are organized by order of progression. 
Modules house the content items within each module. 
To expand or collapse all modules, click the Expand All/Collapse All button. 
To expand or collapse individual modules, click the module Expand or Collapse arrows. 
If you choose to collapse or expand one or more modules, the Modules Index Page retains the state of each module.
Notes: 
The Collapse All button displays if one or more modules are expanded. The Expand All button displays if all modules are collapsed.
The Modules page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Locked Module
Your instructor may lock a module until a specified date. Locked modules display a Locked icon and an unlock date. 
View Module Icons
Modules can be filled with different types of content. Each module item also includes an icon with its type: 
Page: a page of content to read
Discussion: a course discussion
Quiz: a course quiz
Assignment: a course assignment
Link or External Tool: an external link or tool to view outside of the course
File: a file to download or view
View Requirements
If a module includes requirements, the header shows whether you are supposed to complete all requirements or select one requirement. 
Next to the module item, you can view the type of requirement necessary to complete the module item. You must complete all required module items before you can progress to the next module. Some modules may require you to complete the module items in order.
Depending on the module item type, requirements include up to five options:
View: You must view the item.
Mark as done: You must mark the module item as done before you can progress to the next item.
Contribute: You must post a reply to the discussion topic or contribute content to a page.
Submit: You must submit the assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Score at least X: You must submit the assignment with a minimum of the shown score.
View Progression Icons
Module items can also be used to show progression through a module. Modules and/or module items that are not available to you are grayed out. 
For any module icon, you can hover over the icon and view the message for the requirement.
Icon meanings may change depending on if your course is using requirements:
Orange dash icon: when next to a module item, the module item is overdue. When next to the module heading, the module requirements have not been met.
Green check mark: the module item has been completed. For requirements, this icon means the module requirement has been met. 
Blue info icon: the module item has been submitted, but has not yet been graded.
Options label: the module item requires you to choose an assignment path before additional module items can be displayed.
White circle: the module item has not been started. 
Lock icon: the module is locked until a future date. For prerequisites, this icon means the previous module has not been completed so it cannot be viewed. 
Lock message: the module may contain additional information that cannot be accessed until the name of the assignment in the message is graded.
View Individual Module Item
Each module contains module items. Each item includes the module item name. Items will display the due date (if any), and the number of points the assignment is worth. If a To-Do date was added to a non-graded item, the date will display next to the module item. 
Note: If your instructor has placed an unpublished quiz in the module, you will not be able to see the points possible or the quiz questions until the quiz has been published.
Open Module Item
To begin a module, click the first item in the module. 
Navigate Module
You can advance through module items or return to previous modules using the progression bar at the bottom of the page. To advance to the next module item, click the Next button. To return to a previous module item, click the Previous button. 
You can view the name of the next or previous module item by hovering over the Next or Previous button, respectively.
Note: If your instructor has enabled MasteryPaths for your course and an assignment is processing, the Next button in the modules progression bar indicates that you should refresh the page. This change notifies you about progressing to the next module item.How do I view all my Canvas courses as an instructor
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
View Courses
Courses are organized into All Courses, Past Enrollments, Future Enrollments, and Groups.
Courses can be sorted by Favorite status, Name, Nickname, Term, enrollment status, and Published status by clicking the Sort icon in the header. Groups are sorted alphabetically by group name.
If allowed by your institution, you can view the institution's public course index in a catalog format by clicking the Browse More Courses button.
View All Courses
All Courses are courses that are part of the current semester or term. However, depending on access settings for a course, My Courses can also display courses that have not yet started or are unpublished.
Courses that are available to you are listed in blue text. These courses have been published and include a link to the course. To open a course, click the name of the course. 
You can also view any nicknames you have created for courses. 
If a course includes a term date, the term date displays.
Each course includes your course role. Roles can be student, teacher, TA, observer, designer, or a custom role as created by your institution. 
The published status for each course displays in the Published column. Unpublished courses display a gray background. The gray background does not display for unpublished courses in past or future enrollments.
In the All Courses section, you can customize the courses list and mark courses as favorites. Favorite courses display in the Card View Dashboard.
You can change the order that courses are listed by clicking the Sort icon in the header. The column currently used for sorting displays either the ascending or descending icon to indicate the sort order.
View Past Enrollments
Courses under the Past Enrollments heading are courses that have concluded but are still available as a read-only archived course. Prior users can view course material and grades but cannot submit any assignments. 
Note: Some institutions may not allow past enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Future Enrollments
Future Enrollments are courses that will be made available as part of an upcoming term or specific course start date. 
Future courses may be published or unpublished. However, some institutions may restrict instructors from accessing courses before the term begins. If a future course does not include a link, the course cannot be viewed until the term start date. 
If a future course does include a link, you can access the course before the term start date. 
Note: Some institutions may not allow future enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Groups
If you are enrolled in groups, the Groups section displays any groups within your current courses. You can view all your groups in your groups list.
To view a group home page, click the group name link.
Find Course ID
You can locate your Course ID number at the end of your course URL (e.g., canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX).How do I annotate a file as an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
In the Choose a submission type section, click the Annotation button.
If your instructor only allows Annotation submissions, DocViewer may display in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Annotation option does not display in the Choose a submission type section, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Annotate Assignment
To annotate your assignment submission, use the annotation tools in the DocViewer menu. Learn more about how to use DocViewer.
To download the file, click the Download icon.
To zoom in or out, click the Zoom in or Zoom out icons.
To view the document in full screen, click the Fullscreen icon.
To select and move annotations, click the Selection icon.
To add a point annotation, click the Point Annotation icon.
To add a highlight annotation, click the Highlight Annotation icon.
To add a text annotation, click the Freetext Annotation icon.
To add a strikeout annotation, click the Strikeout Annotation icon.
To add a drawing annotation, click the Free Draw Annotation icon.
To add an area annotation, click the Area Annotation icon.
Submit Assignment
To submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays in a read-only format.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To view add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.How do I like a reply in a course announcement in Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Like Announcement Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
Like Threaded Announcement Reply
To view threaded replies, click the # of replies link. 
To like a threaded reply, click the reply's Like icon. 
View Liked Announcement Reply
The Like icon fills in, indicating you have liked the reply.
The Like icon also displays the number of times a reply has been liked.How do I manage rubrics in a course as an instructor
Open Rubrics
In Course Navigation, click the Rubrics link.
View Rubrics
In the Manage Rubrics page, you can view all existing rubrics in your course. 
Add Rubric
To add a rubric, click the Add Rubric button. 
View Rubric
To view an individual rubric, click the name of the rubric.
Edit Rubric
To edit the rubric, click the Edit Rubric button.
View Uneditable Rubric
If a rubric has been used in more than one assignment, the Edit Rubric button is not available. 
However, you can create a copy of a rubric and make any changes when adding a rubric to an assignment. 
Edit Rubric Details
To rename a rubric, type in the Title field. 
To edit a rubric criterion description or long description, click the criterion Edit icon. You can also edit criterion ratings, add ratings, and edit points. 
To delete a criterion from the rubric, click the criterion Delete icon. 
You can also add new criterion and outcomes. 
To save your edits, click the Update Rubric button
To remove associated outcome criteria from a rubric, click the Delete icon. Outcome criteria can only be edited from the Outcomes page. 
Delete Rubric
If you created a rubric in your course, you can delete the rubric. To delete a rubric, click the Delete Rubric button.
Rubrics can be deleted even if they have been used in more than one assignment. 
Note: If you cannot delete a rubric, the rubric was created at the account level and aligned with an assignment in your course. 
Click the OK button.
When you delete a rubric, Canvas will remove the rubric from all associated assignments in the course and remove any existing scores and assessments given using the rubric.How do I show recent announcements in the Course Home Page as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Show Recent Announcements
Select the Show recent announcements on Course home page checkbox.
Select Number of Announcements
In the Number of announcements menu, select the number of announcements to show on the home page. You can show up to the most recent 15 announcements.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.What are Rubrics
Account Rubrics
Account-level rubrics are rubrics that are created at the account or sub-account level. They can be used by any course within that account or sub-account for assignments, discussions, or quizzes. If an account-level rubric is used in more than one place, it becomes uneditable, but is still usable. 
Account-level rubrics can be used to create institutional or departmental question repositories. The purpose of account-level rubrics is to provide resources for teachers, not control content. For example, if the English department offered several courses to teach basic grammar rules to students, a department could create a sub-account level rubric. Instructors could then access the rubric to offer the same evaluation standards to students in different courses. 
Course Rubrics
Course-level rubrics are either created at the course level or copied from the account or sub-account level. Once a rubric has been used to assess a student, the rubric cannot be edited. However, existing rubrics can be recopied and used on other assignments.
When would I use a Rubric?
Use a Rubric to: 
Communicate assessment expectations to users.
Align pre-defined learning Outcomes to your course assignments and assessments.
Assess online submissions in the SpeedGrader.How do I add an event to my calendar as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
To add an event to your Canvas calendar, click a date. To view a previous month or week, click the Next and/or Previous icons. 
Alternatively, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Add an event title in the Title field. 
Verify the selected date or enter a date in the Date field.
Enter start and end times in the From and To fields. To create an all-day event, leave the From and To fields blank.
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
If a location is required, enter a location in the Location field. 
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links.
To save your event, click the Submit button.How do I add rich text content to my ePortfolio page as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the title of the page you wish to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add Content
Canvas already creates a rich text content box for each page. Type your content in the text box and use the toolbar to format your text. 
Notes: 
The discussion reply Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Math equations must be added using the Math Editor in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
View the changes you made to the page.How do I restore a concluded enrollment in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Prior Enrollments
In the Options drop-down menu, click the View Prior Enrollments link.
Open User Details
Click the name of the student.
View Memberships
Locate the Membership Section in the user details page. 
If your institution has enabled Profiles, the Membership page displays directly in the page.
View More User Details
If Profiles is not enabled for your institution, you can view the Membership Section by clicking the more user details link.
Restore Enrollment
Click the Restore or Restore this Enrollment link.
Note: When restoring an enrollment, Canvas does not display a confirmation message. View the updated enrollment status by refreshing the page.How do I delete a course section as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Delete Section
Locate the section and click the Delete Section icon.
Note: You cannot delete a section that have users enrolled.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.
View Sections
View the remaining course sections.How do I set up multi-factor authentication for my user account as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Set Up Multi-Factor Authentication
Click the Set Up Multi-Factor Authentication button.
Verify via Authenticator App
To verify multi-factor authentication a time-based one-time password (TOTP) authenticator app on iPhone or Android (ex: Google Authenticator, Microsoft Authenticator, Authy), download the app for your device. 
Use the app to scan and generate the QR code. Enter the code in the Verification Code field.
If you want multi-factor authentication to remember the computer you are using to log in to Canvas, click the Remember this computer checkbox.
Click the Verify button.
Verify via Text Message
To verify multi-factor authentication via text message, enter your phone number and select your carrier. This is the number where your multi-factor verification code will be sent.
Once you have set up your new phone number, or selected an existing phone number, click the Send button. Your mobile device will receive a verification code. Enter the code in the Verification Code field.
If you want multi-factor authentication to remember the computer you are using to log in to Canvas, click the Remember this computer checkbox.
Click the Verify button.
Manage Multi-Factor Authentication
Once multi-factor authentication is enabled, your User Settings page may display additional options to manage your authentication.
You can choose to create multi-factor authentication codes to use as backup in case your authentication device is not available. This option is available to all users with multi-factor authentication.
If multi-factor authentication is optional for your account, you can also choose to reconfigure authentication or disable authentication. How do I reply to an announcement in Announcements Redesign as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Reply to Announcement
To reply to the announcement, click the Reply button. 
Post a Message
To enter your reply, add links, photos, equations, and/or media, use the Rich Content Editor. 
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Your Reply
Your reply will be posted at the top of the announcement reply thread.
Reply to a Comment
To view threaded replies, click the # of replies link.
To reply to a comment, click the Reply link. 
Note: Within the Thread sidebar, you can choose to quote a threaded reply in your response. 
Post a Message
To enter your reply, add links, photos, equations, and/or media, or @mention course users, use the Rich Content Editor.
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Your Reply
To view your reply, click the Total Replies link.
Your reply displays in the Thread sidebar. How do I embed a file from Google Drive into the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Apps option, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open Google
If the Google LTI tool does not display in your recently used applications, you will need to select it from the list of all applications.
Click the Google Drive (LTI 1.3) link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Select File
Click the Select file button.
Locate and select the file you want to embed. Click the Add button.
Attach File
To embed the file, click the Attachbutton. The Rich Content Editor will display a placeholder image for the file.
View Embedded File
View the embedded Google file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button.
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button.
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.How do I use the Conferences interface as a participant as a student
View Conferences Interface
The Conferences interface contains a variety of tools to help you moderate and participate in your presentation. The interface consists of the following areas:
User Menu
Presentation Window
Conference Tools
Options Menu
View User Menu
From the User Menu, you can view all the users in the conference. Each user is represented by their display name in Canvas.You can also chat with conference participants and contribute to shared notes. To open the conference chat, click the Public Chat link. To open the Shared Notes, click the Shared Notes link.The User Menu is open by default. To close the User Menu, click the User Menu icon.Note: If your institution uses BigBlueButton Premium Tier, Canvas user profile pictures may display as user avatars in BigBlueButton. 
View Presentation Window
The Presentation Window displays the presentation that has been uploaded by the moderator or presenter. If the conference is being recorded, the recording time will display at the top of the screen.
The Presentation Window also includes several tools that control how you can participate in the conference. To mute or unmute your microphone, click the Microphone button. To leave or join the conference audio, click the Audio button. 
To enable your webcam, click the Webcam button. If webcams are enabled, you can hide the presentation window and display only webcams by clicking the Hide icon.
View Annotation Tools
If the moderator allows, participants can use tools to annotate the presentation window. To use a pencil to draw in the presentation window, click the Pencil icon.
To view all annotation tools, click and the hold the Pencil icon. In addition to the pencil tool, you can also create text annotations, line annotations, or shape annotations.
To pan a document that has been zoomed in, click the Pan icon.
To adjust the thickness of an annotation, click the Thickness icon. To adjust the color of the annotation, click the Color icon.
To undo the most recent annotation, click the Undo icon. To delete all annotations that you have created, click the Delete icon.
To enable palm rejection, click the Palm Rejection icon. 
Note: If you cannot view the annotation tools, they are not enabled for participants in your conference.
Open Options Menu
To open the Options menu, click the Options icon.
To view the conference in fullscreen mode, click the Make fullscreen link.
To view information about the interface, click the About link. 
To view help tutorials, click the Help link. 
To view hotkeys, click the Keyboard shortcuts link.
To logout of the conference, click the Leave meeting link.
View Settings Menu
To open the Settings menu, click the Settings link.
Manage Application Settings
To manage applications settings, click the Application link.
To manage animations that display when a user is speaking, click the Animations toggle.
To manage microphone audio filters, click the Audio Filters for Microphone toggle. 
To select the language for the interface, click the Application Language drop-down menu. 
To adjust the font size, click the Decrease or Increase buttons.
Manage Notification Settings
To manage notification settings, click the Notifications link.
To manage chat alerts, click the Chat Message Audio Alerts and Popup Alerts toggles. 
To manage user join alerts, click the User Join Audio Alerts and Popup Alerts toggles. 
Note: Chat alerts only function within the same browser in which the Conferences interface is open.
Manage Data Savings Settings
To manage data saving settings, click the Data savings link.
To enable or disable webcams, click the Enable webcams toggle. 
To enable or disable desktop sharing, click the Enable desktop sharing toggle.How do I delete an icon made using the Rich Content Editor Icon Maker as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Open Icon Maker Icons Folder
Click the Icon Maker Icons folder.
Delete Icon
To delete an icon, click the line item for the file. Click the Delete button. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link.How do I create a new ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Create an ePortfolio
Click the Create an ePortfolio button.
Notes: 
You must be enrolled in a course to create a new ePortfolio. 
If the Create an ePortfolio button does not display, you may have an ePortfolio that has been marked as spam. Contact your Canvas administrator for further assistance.
Create ePortfolio
Name your ePortfolio by typing in the ePortfolio Name field. Decide if your ePortfolio will be public (you can change this setting later) and then click on the Make ePortfolio button.
View ePortfolio
Once the ePortfolio is created, there are several options for creating content for your portfolio, including a wizard that will walk you through your creation, step by step.
View Warning Message
If your ePortfolio has been marked as spam, a warning message will display in your ePortfolio. You will be unable to edit your ePortfolio until a Canvas administrator marks the ePortfolio as safe. Additionally, you will not be able to create any new ePortfolios until a Canvas administrator marks the ePortfolio as safe.
Edit ePortfolio
To edit your ePortfolio settings, click the ePortfolio Settings link. 
Update ePortfolio
Edit the ePortfolio name or visibility option in ePortfolio Settings. Click the Update ePortfolio button.Restoring Canvas course content
Confirm Content was not Deleted
If all the content is missing in the course, being directly deleted is unlikely. However, you will want to confirm with the instructor that the course content was not deleted by them, any co-instructors, or TAs.
Check Course Activity in Admin Tools
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, and then the main account for the school.
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Tools link. Then click the Logging tab.
In the Logging tab, use the Course Activity search to locate the logs for the instructor’s current course.
Once you have located the course activity, confirm if the course was reset.
If the course was not reset, you will want to confirm if the course was recently created.
Restore Reset Course
If the course was reset, click the View Details link to get more information.
In the details dialog, click the course listed in the Reset From field. This will correctly take you to a page error, as the course is deleted.
Then in the browser address bar, copy or note the Canvas course ID. This is the number after /courses in the URL, e.g. https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/#COURSEID.
Once you have the course ID, you can restore the original course using Restore Course Tab in the Admin Tools.
After you’ve restored the original course, you will need to re-add the enrollments. To do this, you will cross-list the section(s) with the enrollments back to the original course.
Then, confirm all course content and grades have been restored.
Use the Beta/Test Environment to Locate Course
If the course was not reset, most likely the course had a change in SIS ID that created a new course and moved any sections and enrollments into that new course.
In this case, if you do not know the original SIS ID, we will need to locate the original course.
The first option is to go to the user’s account in the beta or test environments. In the test environment, you will locate the course, and confirm if there is course content or grades.
From there, you can get the original course ID from the address bar, and cross-list the sections back into that ..., which should restore the course content and grades.
Be aware of beta and test reset schedules, so there is a chance that the original course will not be available.
Use the Instructor’s Page Views
If the beta or test environments do not have the original course and course content, you have the option of using the instructor’s page views to attempt to locate the course.
Navigate to the instructor’s account user page, then locate the page views at the bottom.
Scroll through the page views and search courses the instructor has accessed recently. You will need to manually check each course to confirm if it is the course that has the missing content. You want to locate the course that has the same, or similar, name. Then, check for course content, and if the enrollments are missing.
Once you locate the original course, you can get the original course ID from the address bar, and cross-list the sections back into that ....How do I create self sign-up groups in a group set as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Add Group Set
Click the Add Group Set button.
Allow Self Sign-up
Create a name for the group set in the Group Set Name text field. Click the Allow self sign-up checkbox.
Save Group Set
If you want to require group members to be in the same section, click the Require group members to be in the same section checkbox. 
Next to the Group Structure heading, enter the number of groups you would like to create. You can create more groups at a later time, if necessary. You can also use the arrows in the number field to increase or decrease the number. 
Click the Save button.
Note: Groups will be automatically named based on the group set name. 
View Groups
View your new groups in your group set. Verify your self sign-up group underneath the group title and group settings.
Manage Group
To manage a group, click the group Options menu. To edit the name of the group, click the Edit link. To delete the group, click the Delete link.How do I view Discussions as an observer
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
View Discussions
Discussions are organized into three main areas. 
Discussions: These are current discussions within your student's course. Discussions are ordered by most recent activity. You will only see this section heading if there are discussions within this section.  
Pinned Discussions: These are discussions that your student's teacher wants you to pay specific attention to and will appear at the top of the Discussions page. You will only see this section heading if there are discussions within this section as designated by your student's teacher.  
Closed for Comments: These discussions have been manually closed for comments, or the discussion is past the available from/until date. These are discussions that are only available in a read-only state and are ordered by most recent activity. You will always see this section heading, even if there are no discussions within this section.
View Individual Discussion
Each discussion displays whether or not it is a graded discussion, the name of the discussion, the date on which the last discussion reply was posted, the due date (if any), the number of unread/total posts in the discussion, and whether or not you are subscribed to the discussion.
You can also view availability dates for individual discussions.
An unread icon next to a discussion indicates an unread discussion. The number of unread/total posts will not appear for group discussions and discussions that have no discussion replies.
There will also be a peer review icon if a gradeddiscussion has been assigned peer reviews.
View Availability Dates
The first dates you may see are the availability dates. Your instructor may use availability dates to restrict discussion replies to a specified date range. The availability dates are the range of time that the discussion is accessible to you. Availability dates also appear on the Assignments page for all discussions with assigned availability dates.
If the discussion does not have a date listed, the discussion is open; you can reply to the discussion at any time during your course. 
If the discussion says Not Available Until [date], the discussion is locked until the specified date.
If the discussion says Available until[date], you can reply to the discussion until the specified date.
If the discussion is in the Closed for Comments section, the discussion cannot accept submissions. Discussions in this section may show a "Was locked at [date]" to indicate when the discussion was closed for comments. 
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm.
View Due Dates
The second set of dates are the due dates for each respective discussion. However, due dates only apply to graded discussions. Any replies to discussions after the due date are marked as late; your student's teacher may deduct points for late replies. You can still reply to late discussion before the Available until date.
Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date.
Due dates also include a time. If your student's instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
Filter Discussions
There are a few ways to filter Discussions:
View All or only unread discussions by selecting an option from the drop-down menu.
Search for a discussion by typing a discussion title, a user name, or a keyword in the Searchfield.
Change the discussions settings to manually mark posts as read by clicking the Settingsicon.
Open Discussion
To view the details of a discussion, click the name of the discussion.
View Open Discussion
As an observer, you can only view discussion content. You cannot reply to discussions.
Note: The Discussions page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Graded Discussion
If your discussion is a graded discussion, you can view the discussion the same way as regular discussions with additional information:
Graded Discussion details:points and due date for the graded discussion, if any. Not all graded discussions may have a due date.
Rubric:any grading criteria that your student's teacher has provided for the graded discussion. A graded discussion may or may not include a rubric. You may be able to Filter Discussions:Removed link in 3rd bullet.View Graded Discussion:Removed link in 2nd bullet, 2nd sentence..
If your student misses the due date, they may be able to submit a reply to the discussion before the last day of the course. If the graded discussion does not have a due date, your student can submit a reply any time before the last day of the course.
View Discussion with Required Replies
If you are unable view responses from other students, your student may be required to make a reply before you can view them. Once your student replies to the discussion, any other replies will be visible.
View Locked Discussion
When a discussion is locked, you can't view any details in the discussion topic. However, you can view the date when the discussion will be open.
View Closed Discussion
Both graded- and non-graded discussions can be closed at any time. Your student's teacher may note in the description topic or syllabus if a discussion is only scheduled to be available for a specific period of time.
When a discussion has been closed for comments, you can still view the details of the discussion topic and any replies.
The discussion was either available until a specific date, or your student's teacher manually closed the topic.Using the Canvas Teacher app
Currently, functionality involving adding course content or viewing the gradebook is not available in the Canvas Teacher mobile app. However, course content and assignment settings can be edited. Collaborative activities, such as creating announcements, moderating discussions, and communicating through Canvas inbox, are available. Additionally, instructors have access to SpeedGrader to provide scores and valuable feedback to students. 
To learn more about the Canvas Teacher app, visit the Canvas Teacher Mobile Features PDF.
If you are unable to access a desktop device and need to add course content, you can access Canvas and add or modify course content through your device’s mobile web browser.How do I access the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Announcements
In Announcements, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing an announcement.
To create an announcement, click the Add Announcement button.
To edit an announcement, click the announcement title then click the Edit button.
Assignments
In Assignments, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing an assignment.
To create an assignment, click the Add Assignment button.
To edit an assignment, click the assignment's Options icon and click the Edit option.
Discussions
In Discussions, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing a discussion.
To create a discussion, click the Add Discussion button.
To edit a discussion, click the discussion title then click the Edit button.
Pages
In Pages, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing a page. To view all pages in a course, click the View All Pages button.
To create a new page, click the Add Page button. To edit a page, click the page's Options icon and click the Edit option.
Classic Quizzes
Quiz Description
In Classic Quizzes, you can use the Rich Content Editor to edit the quiz description or quiz questions.
You can access the Rich Content Editor to edit a quiz description when adding a new quiz or editing a quiz.
To add a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button. To edit a quiz, click the quiz's Options icon and select the Edit option.
Quiz Questions
To use the Rich Content Editor to edit a question, click the Questions tab. Then click the Edit icon for the question you want to edit.
New Quizzes
Build Quiz
In New Quizzes, you can use the Rich Content Editor to edit the quiz description or quiz questions.
You can access the Rich Content Editor to edit a quiz description when adding a new quiz or editing a quiz.
To add a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button. To edit a quiz, click the quiz's Options icon and select the Build option.
Quiz Question
To use the Rich Content Editor to edit a question, click the Edit icon for the question you want to edit.
Syllabus
In the Syllabus, you can use the Rich Content Editor to edit your course syllabus. To edit the syllabus, click the Edit button.
View Rich Content Editor
View the Rich Content Editor.
Learn how to add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor.How do I submit a cloud assignment with Google Drive as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
View Assignment
View the assignment in the assignment page.
Edit Assignment
Make edits directly to the document as necessary to complete the assignment. Google will periodically save your changes.
Submit Assignment
When you are ready to submit the assignment, verify that all edits have been saved, then click the Submit button.
Confirm Submission
Confirm your assignment was submitted.
If you need to make changes, you can edit the assignment again and submit the assignment as a re-submission. How do I view the history of a page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
Click the page you want to view. 
View Page History
Click the Options icon and select the View Page History link.
View Latest Revision
By default, the page history will show the latest revision.
View or Restore Prior Version
To open a prior version of your page, click the date you want to access and then click the Restore this revision link.
Note: Students cannot restore a prior version of a page within a course. 
Canvas will restore the prior version to the most recent revision. If you want to replace your current page with different content, click a different date and page revision. Note that restoring a page revision will also associate your name with the page history.
To return to the current page revision, click the close icon. You can also use the breadcrumb navigation to return to the current page or the pages index.How do I view my Google Drive files in Canvas as an instructor
Open Google Drive
In Course Navigation, click the Google Drive link.
Log in to Google Drive
You may be asked to authenticate your account. Click the Authorize button. 
In an external window, enter your Google App email and password.
Note: If you are unable to authenticate, please see the troubleshooting information in the description of this lesson.
View Google Drive
View your Google Drive files and folders.
To view contents of a Google Drive folder, click the folder's name.
To open a file, click the file name.
To view your files in a list view, click the List View icon.
To sorting options, click the Sort icon.
Select a File
To search for a file, enter the name of the file and click the Enter (Return) key on your keyboard.
View Search Results
Google Drive returns file results related to your search.
Open File
To open a file, click the name of the file. At the bottom of the window, click the Select button.
View File
In a new browser window, view the file in your Google account.How do I change the language preference for a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link. 
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Select Language
In the Language drop-down menu, select the new default language.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button. 
View Course in New Default Language
View your course in the updated language preference. How do I hide or post assignment grades in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
View Visibility Icons
The Visibility icon indicates if assignment grades are hidden or posted. Assignment visibility can be determined by course posting policies or assignment posting policies.
If assignment grades are posted for the assignment, the icon displays as the Posted Visibility icon. If assignment grades are hidden, the icon displays as the Hidden Visibility icon.
Hide Grades
To hide assignment grades, click the Posted Visibility icon and select the Hide Grades option.
Note: Students will be unable to view their grades until the assignment is posted.
Select Sections
To hide grades for specific sections, click the Specific Sections button. Then select the sections where you want to hide grades.
Note: You cannot hide grades for specific sections in anonymous assignments.
Hide Grades
Click the Hide button.
Student View: Hidden Assignment
The Visibility icon will display next to the title of the assignment on the Grades page. If a student tries to click on the icon, a popup dialog informs the student that the instructor has not posted the grade for this assignment.
Post Grades
To post assignment grades, click the Hidden Visibility icon and select the Post Grades option.
Select Posting Option
To make grades visible to all students, click the Everyone option. When the Everyone option is selected, the Visibility icon will be removed from the grades page for all students, including students with ungraded submissions. An assignment notification will also be sent to all students. 
To post grades to students with graded submissions, click the Graded option. When the Graded option is selected, the Visibility icon will only be removed from the grades page for students with graded submissions. Assignment notifications will only be sent to students with graded submissions. 
Notes: 
Grades can only be posted to everyone in anonymous assignments.
If a manual posting policy is set for an assignment and grades are posted to everyone, the manual posting policy will become inactive and future grades will be posted automatically.
Select Sections
To post grades for specific sections, click the Specific Section button. Then select the sections where you want to post grades.
Note: You cannot post grades for specific sections in anonymous assignments.
Post Grades
Click the Post button.How do I sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student
00:00:Canvas offers a seamless way for students to sign up using a join code or secret URL. Follow these instructions to create your Canvas account effortlessly, enhancing your learning experience.
00:13:If you don't yet have an account, you can set one up for yourself without an email link. To create your account, open a browser and type canvas.instructure.com into your browser.
00:25:Click the Need a Canvas Account? link.
00:28:Click the I'm a Student button.
00:31:Complete the following Registration Fields:
00:34:Enter the course join code in the Join Code field. This code will be emailed to you by your instructor or institutionthe email is separate from your email invitation to join the course.
00:45:Enter your name in the Full Name field.
00:48:Enter your username in the Username field.
00:51:Set your password by typing in the Password field.
00:55:Confirm your password by typing your password in the Confirm Password field.
01:00:Enter your email in the Email field.
01:03:Agree to the terms of use by clicking the terms of use checkbox.
01:08:Confirm that you are not a robot by completing the Captcha form (if enabled by your institution)
01:14:Click the Start Learning button.
01:17:This guide covered how to sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student.
Enter URL
If you don't yet have an account, you can set one up for yourself without an email link. 
To create your account, open a browser and type canvas.instructure.com into your browser.
Note: You must have a join code from your instructor or institution to create your account.
Create Canvas Account
Click the Need a Canvas Account? link.
Sign Up As a Student
Click the I'm a Student button.
Complete Registration
Complete the following fields:
Enter the course join code in the Join Code field. This code will be emailed to you by your instructor or institution—the email is separate from your email invitation to join the course. 
Enter your name in the Full Name field.
Enter your username in the Username field.
Set your password by typing in the Password field.
Confirm your password by typing your password in the Confirm Password field.
Agree to the terms of use by clicking the terms of use checkbox.
Confirm that you are not a robot by completing the Captcha form (if enabled by your institution)
Click the Start Learning button. How do I add an announcement in a group as a student
Open Announcements
Open a group in which you are a member. Then, in Group Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Add Announcement in Group Home Page
You can also add an announcement in a group by clicking the Group Navigation Home link and then clicking the Add Announcement button.
Add Announcement
Click the Add Announcement button.
Create Announcement
Enter an announcement title in the Topic Title field.
Add content using the Rich Content Editor. A word count displays.
If enabled by your instructor, you can allow other users to like the announcement. To allow other users to like the announcement, click the Allow liking checkbox.
Publish Announcement
Click the Publish button.
View Announcement
View the announcement. 
To manage the announcement, click the Options icon, then select an option. You can mark the announcement as read, mark the announcement as unread, edit the announcement, or delete it.
View Announcements Page
View the announcement in the group Announcements page.How do I view assignment comments from my instructor as a student
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Assignment Comments
Locate the assignment and click the Comment icon. View the comments in the assignment. For each comment, you can view the author, date, and time of the comment.
To view the assignment details, click the Feedback icon.
View Comments
Any instructor comments added to your submission, as well as any comments added by you, appear in the Feedback portion of the sidebar. These comments can be text comments, media comments, or attached files. 
To view a media comment, click the Play button. To control the volume, speed, and size of the media player, click the Volume, Captions, Settings, and Full Screen buttons.
To open an attached file, click the file name link.
If your assignment includes a rubric, your instructor may also leave comments in the rubric. The Show Rubric link displays an indicator if comments have been added in a rubric.
Open Assignment
Your assignment submission also displays comments. Click the title of the assignment. 
View Annotated Comments
If you submitted the assignment with a file upload, your instructor may have included annotated feedback in your assignment. 
On the Submission Details page, files that support annotations display a View Feedback link next to the submission. If annotated comments have been added to an assignment, the View Feedback link displays an indicator. Learn more about how to view annotated comments.
While viewing submission details, you can also view media comments by clicking the Play icon or view attached files by clicking the file name link.
Add Comment
When viewing comments from your instructor, you can also leave your own comment in the Add a Comment area. How do I create a Fill-in-the-Blank quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Fill In the Blank question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit Fill-In-the-Blank Question Details
To build a Fill-in-the-Blank question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Text for the possible answers
Text for the answer comments under each answer (possible answers are all green and/or at the end of the question)
Enter Possible Answers
Currently, fill-in-the-blank answers are not case sensitive. The only way a student will get the answer incorrect is if it is left blank or the answer is misspelled. You can click Add Another Answer to add as many different versions of the correct answer as possible if you desire. Possible answers are limited to 80 characters.
Notes: 
In order to receive credit for a correct response, students must enter their answer exactly as it has been entered by the instructor, including any additional spaces in the Possible Answer field.
If a student does not enter any of the possible answers but still submits a valid response, instructors may need to manually grade the quiz to restore points that they lost.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer. 
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Fill-in-the-Blank Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Fill-in-the-blank question in a quiz.
Student View for Fill-in-the-Blank Feedback Correct Answer
Students will see if their answer is correct as indicated by the green flag. If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see all of the potentially correct responses (if any) indicated by the gray flag after submitting the quiz.
Student View for Fill-in-the-Blank Feedback Incorrect Answer
Students will see if their answer is incorrect as indicated by the red flag. If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see all of the potentially correct responses indicated by the gray flag after submitting the quiz.How do I edit the Roll Call Attendance assignment as an instructor
Create Weighted Assignment Group
If you are using weighted assignment groups and would rather set grade weighting for attendance, you can create a new weighted assignment group for Attendance. You can drag and drop the Roll Call Attendance assignment by clicking and grabbing the handle icon. 
Note: You can also move the assignment by editing the assignment, locating the Assignment Group menu, selecting the name of the assignment group, and saving the assignment.
Edit and Save Percentage Value
In Assignment Settings, click the weight final grade checkbox. Set the group percentage value to your preferred percentage value (zero up to 100), then click the Save button. 
Make sure the Attendance assignment is moved into the Roll Call assignment group. 
The percentage value you set for the group will control the point value assigned to the Attendance assignment, despite the assigned point value.
Note: If you want to set the percentage value as zero, the point value for the assignment must be higher than zero. Canvas cannot calculate weighted assignment groups with zero points possible.
Change Point Value
If you are not using weighted assignment groups and just want to edit the points assigned for Attendance, you can edit the point value in the assignment. However, this adjustment is only recommended if (1) you are never going to change the point value again and (2) you make the adjustment after your first roll call entry. 
To change the point value for the assignment, edit the assignment, then in the points field, enter the new point value for attendance. At the bottom of the window, click the Save button.
Note: The Attendance assignment will not appear until you have taken roll for at least one student. 
Edit Roll Call
The Gradebook doesn't currently adjust point value changes accurately after point values have been changed, and the percentage values in the SpeedGrader and the Gradebook will be incorrect. 
Return to roll call, click the Unmark All button, and then take attendance for all students as normal. The percentage value will then adjust correctly in both SpeedGrader and the Gradebook. If you make this change immediately after the first time you take roll in your course and edit the point value, you only have to adjust your work once.
Remove from Gradebook
If you do not want Attendance to appear in the Gradebook as a graded assignment, you can edit the Attendance assignment and change the assignment type. Students can still view the assignment but it will not appear in their grades.
To remove the assignment from the Gradebook, edit the attendance assignment, then in the Display Grade as menu, select the Not Graded option. At the bottom of the window, click the Save button.
Note: Once you have changed the assignment type, you cannot change it back to a graded assignment. Please ensure you do not want to grade Attendance before changing the assignment type.  
Exclude from Final Grade
If you do not want the Roll Call Attendance assignment to be calculated in the final grade, you can choose to exclude the assignment from final grade calculations.
You can manage this setting in attendance assignment settings and in Roll Call settings. However, it's recommended to manage this setting in Roll Call Settings. Open Grades
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Gradebook Settings
Click the Settings icon.
View Grade Posting Policy
Click the Grade Posting Policy tab.
Post Grades Automatically
To post grades automatically, select the Automatically Post Grades option. When grades are posted automatically, students can view assignment grades as soon as they are entered.
Note: If you select the Automatically Post Grades option after you have already hidden grades, previously hidden grades will remain hidden.
Post Grades Manually
To manually post grades for students to view, select the Manually Post Grades option. When the Manually Post Grades option is selected, grades are hidden from student view by default and must be posted to be viewed by students.
Update Policy
To apply changes to the grade posting policy, click the Apply Settings button.
View Gradebook
If a manual posting policy has been applied in a course, all assignment headers will display the Manual label. This label indicates that a manual posting policy is currently in place and future grades are hidden from student view.
Once a submission has been graded, the assignment header displays the Visibility icon. This indicates that there are grades within the assignment that must be posted before they can be viewed by students.
When grades are hidden from student view, the Total column also displays the Visibility icon. This indicates that the total grade in the Gradebook differs from the total grade viewed by the student.
To manage the posting policy for an assignment, click the Options icon.How do I edit or delete an outcome group in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account or Sub-Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome Group
Locate the outcome group you want to modify.
Modify Outcome Group
To edit an outcome group, click the Edit button. Editing an outcome group lets you change the outcome name and description as set when creating an account outcome group.
To delete an outcome group, click the Delete button. 
Note: If you delete an outcome group and the outcome group generates an error, your outcome group contains an outcome that cannot be modified. Move the outcome to another outcome group, then try deleting the outcome group again.How do I mark discussion replies as read or unread as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion you want to view. 
View Posts
The read icon indicates the reply has been read. The unread icon indicates a reply is new or unread.
Mark Post as Unread
To change a read post to unread, click the read icon next to the post you wish to change. 
Verify Post as Unread 
View the post now marked as unread. 
Mark Post as Read
To change an unread post to read, click the unread icon next to the post you wish to change.
Verify Post as Read
View the post now marked as read. 
Note: If a post's state is manually changed, the post will not change states (become read or unread) unless you manually change it again.How do I enter a URL as an assignment submission as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
View Course Assignments
Click the name of an assignment.
Start Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Start Assignment button. 
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Open Website URL
To submit a URL, click the Website URL tab. 
Submit Website URL
Type or copy and paste the URL into the Website URL field. Click the Submit Assignment button. 
You can submit assignments from Google Drive, Dropbox, or another third-party service by sharing the file, copying the URL, and submitting as a website URL. Alternatively, you can download the file to your computer and submit as a file upload if the assignment allows. 
View Submission
The Sidebar displays information about your submission. 
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page. 
Notes: 
After submitting an assignment, the assignment will still appear in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions. 
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. How do I submit a Google Drive file or URL as an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
You can add a Google Drive or Google Doc URL submission using the Web URL button. 
Alternatively, if the Google Apps LTI has been added to your course, you can upload a Google Drive or Google Doc file using the More button. 
Submit Google Drive URL
To add a Google Drive or Google Docs URL as your assignment submission, click the Web URL option in the Choose a submission type section. 
Create a shareable URL for your Google Drive or Google Docs file.
Then, in Canvas, add the shareable website URL to the Enter Web URL field. 
Once added, your website URL will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
To preview your URL in a new browser tab, click the View icon. 
Note: If a shareable link is not created, your instructor will not have permission to view your file. 
Submit Google Drive File
To upload a Google Drive or Google Docs file as your assignment submission, click the More option in the Choose a submission type section.
Then click the Google Apps option. 
Note: If the Google Apps option does not display, your instructor has not installed the app in your course. 
Select File
Select the appropriate Google Drive or Google Doc file. 
To save your upload as a draft, click the Select button. 
Submit Assignment
To submit your your Google Drive file or URL as your assignment submission, click the Submit Assignment button. 
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button. 
Note: If you submit a website URL without creating a shareable link, your instructor will not have permission to view your file. Once a shareable link is created, your instructor will have access to the submitted URL. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.How do I use the Modules Index Page as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
View Modules Index Page
The Modules Index Page is designed with global settings at the top of the page followed by individual modules. Course content items are nested within each module.
Note: The Modules Index Page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Modules Global Settings
Global settings include collapsing or expanding all modules, viewing a student’s progress in a module, bulk publishing and unpublishing modules and module items, and adding new modules.
Notes: 
The Collapse All button displays if one or more modules are expanded. The Expand All button displays if all modules are collapsed. 
If a user with a course enrollment collapses or expands one or more modules, the Modules Index Page retains the state of each module when they return to the page.
View Modules
In Modules, you can view all the modules in your course. Modules are organized by order of progression. 
Modules house the content items within each module. By default, modules are expanded and show all items in the module. To collapse the module, click the collapse arrow.
Note: If you choose to collapse or expand one or more modules, the Modules Index Page retains the state of each module.
View Module Header
Each module header contains the name of the module.
The header may also contain module prerequisites and module requirements. 
Manage Module Settings
The icons on the right side of the module name control the entire module. You can publish an entire module and all items, publish modules only, or unpublish modules and all items and add a new content item to the module. 
In the Options drop-down menu, you can edit a module, which allows you to rename the module, lock modules, set prerequisites, and set modules requirements. 
You can also move the module, move module items, delete the module, or duplicate the module. 
Reorder Modules
You can reorder a module by hovering over the drag handle next to the name of the module and dragging the module to the desired location.
View Module Icons
Modules can be filled with different types of content. Each module item also includes an icon with its type: 
Page: a page of content to read
Discussion: a course discussion
Quiz: a course quiz
Assignment: a course assignment
Link or External Tool: an external link or tool to view outside of the course
File: a file to download or view
View Individual Module Item
Each module contains module content items that may display the item name, the due date, the number of points, the module requirement, and the module item's draft state status. A module may also include non-graded items, such as pages and non-graded discussions. If a To-Do date was added to a non-graded item, the date will display next to the module item.
Manage Individual Module Item
For each individual module content item, you can use the options drop-down menu, edit the content item, open SpeedGrader, duplicate the item if the item supports duplication, remove the content item from the module, move the item, to indent the item up to 5 levels (or remove an indent) to send the content to another user or copy to another course.
Note: The Mastery Paths setting can be managed in your course if the setting has been enabled by your institution.
Reorder Module Item
You can also reorder a module item by hovering over the drag handle next to the name of the item and dragging the item to the desired location.
View MasteryPaths
If you use MasteryPaths in your course, you can view the Modules page and tell which module items are set up for MasteryPaths.
View Blueprint Course
If your course includes Blueprint icons, your course is associated with a blueprint course. Blueprint Courses are courses managed as a template and may contain locked objects managed by a Canvas admin, course designer, or other instructor. Like with draft state icons, Modules displays the object status as also shown in the object's respective index page. 
The Course Details tab in Course Settings will tell you if your course is a blueprint course. Most commonly, your course will not be a blueprint course and you can only manage unlocked content in your course. If your course is a blueprint course, you can lock and sync course content to associated courses. 
View Scheduled Page Publication
If enabled by your institution, you can schedule when a page will be published and can view when a page is scheduled to publish.
View Student View
To view the modules index page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I create an online assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
To create a new assignment, click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Select Online Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the Online option.
Select Online Entry Options
Select the online entry options you want to allow for the assignment. You can select up to four options:
Text Entry: Students can submit their assignment directly in the Rich Content Editor. DocViewer annotations are not available for text entry submissions. Additionally, text entry submissions cannot be re-uploaded to the Gradebook.
Website URLs: Students can submit a URL that fulfills the assignment. DocViewer annotations are not available for website URL submissions. Additionally, website URL submissions cannot be re-uploaded to the Gradebook.
Media Recordings: Students can submit an audio or video recording that fulfills the assignment. They can either record new media or upload existing media. Video and audio uploads to Canvas can be up to 500 MB. DocViewer annotations are not available for media recording submissions. Additionally, media recording submissions cannot be downloaded.
Student Annotation: Students can annotate a file uploaded by an instructor. The annotated document is submitted as the student's assignment submission. For students who may not be able to annotate a document, it is best to use another online entry option.
File Uploads: Students can upload a file or take a photo with their webcam to fulfill the assignment. DocViewer annotations are available for supported file types in SpeedGrader. Additionally, if your institution has enabled Google Docs, the Google Apps LTI, or the Microsoft Office 365 LTI, students can upload files from their respective Google Drive or OneDrive account directly. If only Google Docs are enabled for your institution, students must connect to Google Docs as a web service to submit an assignment as a Google Doc, Google Sheet, or Google Slide. File upload submissions can be downloaded and re-uploaded to the Gradebook. Canvas supports file uploads up to 5 GB.
Assignment settings are persistent to always remember and display the settings created or edited in the previous assignment in the course. Based on prior assignments, one or more of these options may already be selected for you.
Notes: 
If you select multiple submission types for an assignment, students will only be able to use one submission type per assignment submission. 
If your institution has enabled the Microsoft Office 365 LTI, you must select either the File Uploads option or both the Website URL and File Uploads options to use the Office 365 tab on the assignment submission page. If you only select Website URL as an entry option, the Office 365 tab will not function properly. 
Group assignments do not support the student annotation submission type.
Select Annotation File
If you allow student annotation submissions, you must select or upload a file for students to annotate.
You can select a file from course files or your user files or upload a new file from your computer.
Files used for annotation must be able to be previewed in Canvas.
Restrict File Types
If you allow file uploads, you can choose to restrict submissions to specific file types. To enable this option, click the Restrict Upload File Types checkbox. In the Allowed File Extensions field, enter a list of accepted extensions. All file types need to be separated by a comma. You can include spaces, caps, and periods in assignment file names.
Note: In the case of an odd or unusual file type, try adding it to your course to confirm the file is accepted before requesting students to submit the file type. 
Save Assignment
To save the assignment and publish it, click the Save & Publish button. To save the assignment as a draft, click the Save button. How do I bulk upload files to a course as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Upload Files
Click the Upload button.
Open Files
Select the files you want to upload to your course. 
To select a group of files, hold down the Shift key on your keyboard and click the first and last files in the group.
To select multiple files, hold down the Control (Windows) or Command (Mac) key on your keyboard and click each file.
Click the Open button.
View Upload Process
View the progress bars for the file uploads.
View Files
View the added files. What is the Student role
Student Role Use
The main use of the Student role is to link Canvas users to courses where they may access course content in order to receive course credit. For example, Students in a Canvas course often take quizzes and tests and submit assignments for a course grade.
Students can participate in any Canvas area their teacher has enabled for the course. Students can be linked to one or multiple courses and may submit work, see grades, assignments, and events, and interact with other course members. 
Depending on the institution, students may have different levels of access to Canvas courses. Students may have access to all past, current, and future courses. Alternately, students can be enrolled in individual courses. Students may be enrolled in a course automatically by SIS import, or manually by a teacher, or by self-enrollment. 
Student Access in Canvas
Listed below are the default Canvas permissions for the Student role. However, institutions may modify Student role permissions as needed. To learn more about Student participation in Canvas, view the Canvas Student Guide. 
Students can:
View course announcements
Submit assignments 
View the course calendar
View and and post to open discussions
View and participate in Chat
Create conferences and student collaborations
Upload and manage files
Create ePortfolios
Create and manage group pages
View their course grades
View a list of users in a course
Send messages to other users in a course
Students cannot:
Add, edit, and delete items in a course calendar 
Add or remove others in a course
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
View other course participants’ grades
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Add, edit, and delete course content, sections, or student groups
Create and edit rubrics
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Read SIS data
View course analytics and usage reports for a course
View and link to question banks
View all student group pages for a course
View grade audit trail
Student Role Limitations
Students can only view content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Students cannot view locked or unpublished course materials. 
If the enabled at the account level, students may be able to create, edit, and delete Scheduler appointments in the course calendar that are visible to other course members.
Students may be able to view and comment on other students’ submissions if a teacher has enabled this option for an assignment. 
Each teacher can customize the links in the Course Navigation and limit the number of features that Students and Observers can see. Students may or may not see links to certain features. How do I take a quiz as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Find an available quiz you'd like to take and click the title of the quiz. 
Take Quiz
To begin the quiz, click the Take the Quiz button. 
View Quiz
Complete the quiz per your instructor's instructions. Quizzes will either have all the questions on one page, or each question will be shown one at a time.
There are several different question types in Canvas that your professors may choose to employ, from True/False to Essay format. Questions can vary by question type. Each question will show in the top right corner the point value of the question. Each question will be divided from others by a box surrounding the question and answers.
You can use other areas in the quiz to help you navigate and complete quiz questions, including the sidebar and the flagging questions feature.
View Sidebar
At any point during the quiz, you can view a summary of your quiz. Questions you've answered will be faded out and identified by a checkmark icon, while unanswered questions will be bolded and identified by a question mark icon. 
You can also view the due date for the quiz. In the sidebar, the quiz due date refers to the autosubmit date, which can be a specified Until date or the last day of the course. This is not the due date set for when the quiz will be marked late.
You'll also see a timer showing your progress on the quiz. For untimed quizzes, the quiz shows as the elapsed time. If you are taking a timed quiz, the timer shows the running time and counts down until time expires.
Flag Questions
You can flag the questions you want to go back to by clicking the flag by the question. The flag will change color to yellow to remind you to finish the question. The yellow flag will also appear in the question overview in the sidebar.
View Quiz Warning Notifications
If you are taking a timed quiz, or you are taking a quiz close to the due date or lock date and time, Canvas generates warning messages to help you manage your time in the quiz. Canvas will also warn you if you lose the connection to the internet during the quiz.
View Due Date Warning
If you are taking a quiz with a set due date, you will see a warning popup banner as to how many minutes remain before the quiz will be marked late. Warnings appear 30 minutes prior, five minutes prior, and one minute prior.
View Time Restriction Warning
If you start a quiz near the time when it will be due, you will see a warning popup banner. Use the sidebar to view the time the quiz is due and how many minutes are remaining. In this sense, the quiz due date refers to the autosubmit date, which is either a specified lock (Available until) date or the last day of the course. Warnings appear 30 minutes prior, five minutes prior, one minute prior, and 10 seconds prior.
View Quiz Logout Warning
If at any time you get logged out of Canvas while taking a quiz, you will see a warning pop-up banner. To resume your quiz, click the Login button.
Pause Quiz
If your browser allows you to leave the quiz, you can pause the quiz by leaving the quiz page. When you are ready to resume the quiz, the quiz will resume where you left off.
Note: If you leave a timed quiz, the timer will keep running and the quiz will be automatically submitted when time runs out.
Submit Quiz
Canvas will save your quiz as you go through it. When you are finished, submit your quiz and view the quiz results to find out your score.
View Auto Submit Warning
If you do not submit a timed quiz before the time runs out, Canvas displays a pop-up box telling you that your quiz time has expired. The quiz automatically submits after the ten-second count down, or you can click the Ok, fine button or Close icon to submit your quiz.How do I run Roll Call Attendance reports for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Attendance
In Account Navigation, click the Attendance link.
Specify Report Data
In the Generate Report tab, you can specify criteria for your report. If you leave the fields blank, the report will be generated for the entire account.
You can choose a date range for the report. You can also optionally filter by SIS course ID or SIS student ID. 
By default, the email field will be populated with your email address to send the report. Confirm your email in the field or enter a new email address. 
Run Report
Click the Run Report button.
View Notification
A notification should appear if your request was successfully submitted.
View Email
You will receive an email with the subject Roll Call AttendanceReport. The email contains a link where you can access your attendance report for the next 24 hours. When you click the link, you can choose to view or download the report results. How do I annotate a file as an assignment submission in Canvas as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Start Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button.
Open Student Annotation
Click the Student Annotation tab.
Annotate Assignment
To annotate your assignment submission, use the annotation tools in the DocViewer menu. Learn more about how to use DocViewer.
To download the file, click the Download icon.
To zoom in or out, click the Zoom in or Zoom out icons.
To view the document in full screen, click the Fullscreen icon.
To select and move annotations, click the Selection icon.
To add a point annotation, click the Point Annotation icon.
To add a highlight annotation, click the Highlight Annotation icon.
To add a text annotation, click the Freetext Annotation icon.
To add a strikeout annotation, click the Strikeout Annotation icon.
To add a drawing annotation, click the Free Draw Annotation icon.
To add an area annotation, click the Area Annotation icon.
Submit Assignment
To submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submission
The Sidebar displays information about your submission.
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions.
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page.
Notes:
After submitting an assignment, the assignment still displays in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions.
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions.How do I add temporary enrollments in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
When creating temporary enrollments, a Provider is a user whose courses are shared with another user. 
To create a temporary enrollment pairing, locate the Provider. Then click the Temporary Enrollment icon.
Add User Details
A temporary enrollment recipient is a user who receives access to a user's courses. To find a recipient of temporary enrollments for a user, search for a user by Email Address, Login ID or SIS ID. Then click the Next button.
Note: Depending on your institution's preferences, some 'Add recipient by' options may not be available.
Confirm Recipient of Temporary Enrollments
Click the Next button.
Assign Temporary Enrollments
Add the date and time the recipient should receive access to the course(s) using the Begins On and Time fields. Add the date and time the recipient's access should end using the Until and Time fields.
To select the user's role, click the Select role drop-down menu.
By default, when a temporary enrollment ends, the enrollment is deleted. To select a different ending enrollment state, click the Ending enrollment state drop-down menu.
By default, active and published courses where the Provider has an Instructor-based role are selected. Click the checkbox next to each course(s) the recipient should have access to.
Click the Submit button.
Notes:
The time and role fields are stored in local browser storage and display the most recent selections in new workflows until the local browser storage is cleared.
Temporary enrollment recipients are restricted to the same course section(s) as the provider.
Temporary enrollments are not available for concluded courses.
When enrolling a recipient with more permissions than the provider in a course, a tooltip states that the recipient will have different permissions than the provider in the enrolled course.
When creating a temporary enrollment pairing from a provider in a sub-account, only courses within the sub-account hierarchy are available. To pair additional courses, you must create the temporary enrollment pairing from within the sub-account or root account that contains the courses.
View Temporary Enrollments
Once a temporary enrollment is submitted, a banner displays showing the enrollment was successfully completed. Additionally, the Temporary Enrollment icon displays solid to represent an active pairing.How do I add a profile picture in my user account as a student
00:00:How do I add a profile picture in my user account as a student?
00:05:In Global Navigation, click the Account link.
00:09:Then click the Settings link.
00:12:Click the profile picture icon.
00:15:Choose the desired method to add a profile picture.
00:19:Then click the choose a picture link. You can also drag a picture from your desktop and drop it into the uploader.
00:26:Use the selection boxes to crop your image.
00:29:When you are finished, click the Save button.
00:32:To take a picture to use as your profile picture, click the Take a Picture tab.
00:37:Then click the Take Picture button.
00:40:To take another picture, click the Retry button.
00:43:When you are finished, click the Save button.
00:46:If your institution allows Gravatars and you have a Gravatar account, you can import an existing Gravatar to use as your profile picture. Click the From Gravatar tab.
00:57:Enter your Gravatar email address in the field provided. Click the Preview button to view your Gravatar.
01:04:When you are finished, click the Save button.
01:07:The Profile picture you selected will show up instead of the placeholder profile picture.
01:13:Profile pictures are linked to your personal files, so you can easily delete them to remove old profile pictures.
01:20:To delete a profile picture, click the Files link.
01:24:Click the profile pictures folder.
01:27:Next to the file you want to delete, click the Options icon.
01:32:Then click the Delete link.
01:35:This guide walked you through the process of adding a profile picture to your user account in Instructure. From uploading a picture to customizing details, you learned how to personalize your student profile effectively.
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Open Profile Picture
Click the profile picture icon.
Note: If you don't see a placeholder profile picture icon, your institution does not allow you to add or change your profile picture.
Upload Picture
To upload a new profile picture file, click the Picture Options drop-down menu and select the Upload a Picture option. Then click the choose a picture link. You can also drag a picture from your desktop and drop it into the window. 
Choose Profile Picture
Find the image you want to upload and click the Open or Browse button.
Crop or Resize Picture
To crop your image, use the selection handles. To recenter the image, hover the cursor over the image, then click and drag the circle selector to a new location.
When you are finished, click the Save button.
Note: Canvas automatically stores a copy of the saved profile picture in your personal user files. When you save a new picture in your profile, the new picture overrides the existing picture file in your personal files.
Take Picture
To take a picture to use as your profile picture, click the Picture Options drop-down menu and select the Take a Picture option. Then click the Take Picture button. 
Note: Depending on your browser, you may need to allow Canvas to access your camera. The Take a Picture option is not supported when using Safari or Internet Explorer.
Save Picture
To take another picture, click the Retry button. When you are finished, click the Save button. 
Import from Gravatar
If your institution allows Gravatars and you have a Gravatar account, you can import an existing Gravatar to use as your profile picture. 
Click the Profile Options drop-down menu and select the From Gravatar option. Enter your Gravatar email address in the field provided. Click the Preview button to view your Gravatar. When you are finished, click the Save button. 
Note: Before adding a photo in your Gravatar account, you must rate the photo. Please note that you can use only a G-rated Gravatar photo as a Canvas profile picture.
View Profile Picture
The Profile picture you selected will show up instead of the placeholder profile picture.
Delete Profile Picture
Profile pictures are linked to your personal files, so you can easily delete them to remove old profile pictures.
Note: Gravatar images cannot be deleted from your account through your personal files. However, Gravatar images may be replaced with an uploaded image or with a captured image using the Take a Picture option.
Open Files
To delete a profile picture, click the Files link.
Open Profile Pictures
Click the profile pictures folder.
Delete Profile Picture
Next to the file you want to delete, click the Options icon then click the Delete link. How do I configure an external app for an account using XML as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to Paste XML.
Add App Details
Enter the name of the app in the Name field. Enter the consumer key in the Consumer Key field and the shared secret in the Shared Secret field. This key and shared secret will be provided by the vendor or (if using the Edu App Center) provided by the website. 
Note: There are some apps that do not require a consumer key or shared secret, so pay attention to the configuration directions.
Enter Configuration XML
In the XML Configuration field, paste the XML code.
Submit App
Click the Submit button.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
Note: Verifications only take place in the same context for an existing external app (such as installing the same app multiple times in the root account).
View App
View the external app.
To manage the app, click the Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage app placements, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
To add an external app to the Rich Content Editor toolbar, click the Add to RCE toolbar toggle. This option is only available for external tools that support placement in the Rich Content Editor.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.How do I manually assign peer reviews for a discussion as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Open Peer Reviews
Click the Options icon then click the Peer Reviews link.
Manually Assign Peer Reviews
Below the name of a student, click the Add icon.
Select Student
Click the Select Student drop-down menu.
Select the peer you would like the student to review. Remember, a student cannot review themselves. Click the Add button to assign the review.
View Assigned Peer Reviews
Assigned peer reviews appear underneath the students name. A check mark indicates a peer review as been completed. A caution triangle indicates a peer review still needs to be completed.
Manage Peer Review
You can also remind students who still need to complete their assigned peer review(s). Peer review reminders are sent as notifications. 
To send a reminder, hover your mouse over the assigned peer review and click the Reminder icon. To cancel a peer review, click the Delete icon. 
To manually assign or reassign a peer review, click the Give [student name] another submission to assess link. How do I view rubric results for an assignment as an observer
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Note: If a course does not display the Grades link, you can view student grades from the Canvas dashboard. 
Open Rubric
Assignments with a rubric display a rubric icon. To open the rubric, click the Rubric icon.
View Rubric Results
View the rubric results for the assignment. Selected ratings display a rating flag. You can also view the earned points for each criterion, as well as the total earned points
View Non-Scoring Rubric Results
If the instructor has removed points from the rubric, you can still view the rubric results for the assignment.
View Rubric Comments
If the instructor left comments for your student in the rubric, you can view them in the rubric criteria.
Note: Comments only display if an instructor left a comment for the student in the rubric.How do I manage notifications for a single course as an instructor
Open Notifications
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Notifications link.
Open Course Notification Settings
You can manage notification settings for your Canvas account and/or for individual courses. 
To manage notification settings for an individual course, click the Settings for drop-down menu. Then click the course name.
Open Notifications from Course Home Page
Alternatively, you can access course notifications from the Course Home Page by clicking the View Course Notifications button. 
View Course Notification Settings
A banner displays stating course-level notification settings apply override any account-level notifications you may have set. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon. 
A banner displays noting when daily and weekly messages are delivered. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon.
To enable or disable all notifications for the course, click the Enable Notifications toggle.
View the course-level notification types and your listed contact methods.
Each notification has a default delivery frequency setting. To view the current notification delivery frequency for a notification type and contact method, hover over the notification icon.
Manage Individual Notifications
To manage notification frequency for a course notification, locate the notification and contact method. Then click the notification icon. You can select one of four delivery frequency types:
Notify immediately: receive these notifications right away for this course. These notifications may be delayed by up to one hour in case an instructor makes additional changes, which prevents you from being spammed by multiple notifications in a short amount of time.
Daily summary: receive a daily summary for this notification type.
Weekly summary: receive a weekly summary for this notification type.
Notifications off: no notifications sent for this notification type.
View Course Notifications Status
You can view your course notification status on your course home page. The View Course Notifications button icon displays if course notifications are enabled or disabled.How do I view global activity for my student's courses in the Recent Activity Dashboard as an observer
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Student Dashboards
To filter your dashboard by student, click the Student drop-down menu, then click the student's name. The dashboard view displays based on your student's dashboard view.
Open Recent Activity Stream
Click the Options icon and then click the Recent Activity link. 
View Recent Activity
The Recent Activity Stream contains recent notifications from all of your courses, including announcements, discussions, assignments, and conversations. Unlike course cards, the activity stream does not mimic the visibility of Course Navigation links. 
Activities are indicated by an activity type icon. Each activity also includes the name of its associated course. 
New activity in a course is indicated by an unread icon. Discussions and Announcements indicate new activity items published in a course, and Conversations indicate a new message received from a user in a course. Recent Activity items remain for four weeks.
Expand and Collapse Notifications
You can view the details of each activity by hovering in the notification area and clicking the Show More link. To collapse recent activity, click the Show Less link.
Manage Recent Activity
You can directly access your recent activities by clicking the course link. To remove a notification, click the Remove icon.How do I add annotated comments in student submissions using DocViewer in SpeedGrader as an instructor
View DocViewer Toolbar
The DocViewer Toolbar helps you manage the assignment submission.
To download a PDF of the annotated submission, click the Download button.
If there are multiple pages, the Page number field will let you advance through the submission to find the page you want to annotate. To go to another page, enter the page number in the Page field. You can also use the arrow icons to advance through the submission.
To rotate the current page 90 degrees clockwise, click the Rotate button. Pages with annotations cannot be rotated.
To zoom in and out on the submission, use the Zoom buttons.
To view the submission in full screen, click the Full Screen button.
To annotate the submission, use the annotation tools.
Add Point Annotation
To leave a point annotation, select the Point annotation type. 
Select the color for the point annotation in the color panel.
Click the desired area of the submission. The point annotation icon will appear indicating the location of the annotation. To add a comment to the point annotation, type the comment in the Comment field. To start a new line in your comment, click the Shift+Enter/Return key. To submit your comment, click the Enter/Return key.
You can reply to student DocViewer comments by clicking the Reply button. 
To move the annotation, hover over the point annotation icon in the document. Click and drag the annotation to the new area.
To delete a point annotation, click the annotation and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the annotation. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Add Highlight Annotation
To highlight text within the document, select the Highlight annotation type. 
Select the color for the highlight annotation in the color panel.
Click and drag to highlight text within the submission.
To add a comment to the highlight annotation, click the Comment button. To start a new line in your comment, click the Shift+Enter/Return key. To submit your comment, click the Enter/Return key.
To delete a highlight annotation, click the highlighted area and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the highlight. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Add Text Annotation
To add text directly in the submission, select the Free text annotation type. 
Select the color for the text annotation in the color panel. 
Select a white or transparent background for the text annotation as well as the font size for the annotation.
Click in the desired area of the submission, then type your entry. To start a new line in your comment, click the Shift+Enter key. 
To move the annotation, hover over the text box in the document. Click and drag the annotation to the new area.
To delete the text annotation, click the text box and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the text box. 
Add Strikeout Text Annotation
To indicate that text should be deleted, select the Strikeout annotation type. 
Select the color for the strikeout line in the color panel.
Click and drag to strike out within the submission. A line will appear indicating the text has been struck out. 
To add a comment to the strikeout annotation, click the Comment button. To start a new line in your comment, click the Shift+Enter/Return key. To submit your comment, click the Enter/Return key.
To delete a strikeout annotation, click the strikeout area and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the strikeout line. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Add Draw Annotation
To make freehand drawings and annotations, select the Free Draw annotation type. 
Select the color for the drawn annotation in the color panel. 
Select your annotation line width from the line width panel. 
Click and drag to start a drawing. Free-form lines will appear indicating the drawing area. You can add multiple strokes to a drawn annotation. 
To add a comment to your drawn annotation, click the Comment button. To start a new line in your comment, click the Shift+Enter/Return key. To submit your comment, click the Enter/Return key.
To accept the drawn annotation, click the Check icon.
To move a drawing, hover over the outline of the drawing, then drag and drop the drawing to the new area of the document. 
To delete a drawing at any time, click the drawing and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the drawing. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Note: Draw annotations can only have one line width per annotation. Individual annotations must be saved before creating a new line with a different width.
Add Area Annotation
To leave an area annotation, select the Area annotation type. 
Select the color for the area annotation in the color panel.
Click and drag the rectangle around an area of the submission. A box will appear indicating the area for the annotation. 
To add a comment to the area annotation, type the comment in the Comment field. To start a new line in your comment, click the Shift+Enter/Return key. To submit your comment, click the Enter/Return key.
You can reply to student DocViewer comments by clicking the Reply button. 
To move the annotation, hover over the border. Click and drag the annotation to the new area of the document.
To delete an area annotation, click the annotation and then click the Delete icon. DocViewer will confirm you want to delete the comment. Deleting an annotation will also delete any associated comments.
Manage Comments
Individual comments include an icon that displays the type and color of the annotation. The annotation icon displays next to the commenter's name and only displays in the primary comment for an annotation. Replies to a comment do not include the icon.
Comments remain on the page where the annotation was made. If there are too many comments to display on a single page, the comment section becomes scrollable and some comments are hidden. An indicator shows how many comments have been hidden.
When an annotated comment includes more than five content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link. To expand a comment, click the ellipses link. If a comment includes multiple replies, all replies will be expanded.
Comments with replies are stacked. When you click on a comment, all replies are expanded in the group. The number of stacked replies is indicated below the first comment.
If needed, you can delete any user comments by clicking the Delete icon. When a comment is deleted, the comment is deleted from your view. However, the owner can still view the deleted comment along with an indication that the comment has been deleted. The owner can review the deleted comment and choose whether or not to remove the deleted comment permanently.
Manage Anonymous Instructor Annotations
If you enable the Anonymous Instructor Annotations option for an assignment, students will not see the instructor's or grader's name on annotations and comments in DocViewer.
Notes:
Anonymous Instructor Annotations only apply to comments made after the option is enabled.
Anonymous Instructor Annotations do not currently apply to comments or annotations made while using a mobile device.
Manage Other User Annotations
When another user adds an annotation within a document, you can view the author of the annotation by clicking the annotation. You can also leave a comment on any annotation created by other users.
If needed, you can delete any user annotations in the document by clicking the annotation and clicking the Delete icon. When an annotation is deleted, the annotation is deleted from your view. However, the owner can still view the deleted annotation along with an indication that the annotation has been deleted. The owner can review the deleted annotation and choose whether or not to remove the deleted annotation permanently.How do I create a Hot Spot question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Hot Spot Question
Click the Add Hot Spot button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Upload Image
To upload an image for the Hot Spot question, drag and drop the image or select a file by clicking the Browse link.
Draw Hot Spot
You can use one of three shapes to draw the hot spot: square, circle, and polygon.
To delete a hot spot and create a new one, click a shape tool or the image.
Use Square or Circle Tool
To create a square or circle hot spot, click the shape then drag the shape over the hot spot. To complete the shape, click your mouse.
Use Polygon Tool
To create a polygon hot spot, click the polygon shape. Click the image then drag the tool around the image to create each side of the polygon. To end one side of the polygon, click your mouse. To close the hot spot area, double click your mouse at any time.
Expand Image
To expand the image when creating a hot spot, click the Expand icon.
From the expanded view, you can use any shape to create a hot spot. To save the hot spot, click the Done button. To return to the quiz question, click the Close icon.
Set Options
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox.
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.What are Pages
Instructor View
In a course, instructors can create a new page with text, images, media, links, and/or other files. 
The Options icon allows instructors to edit the title of a page, delete a page, use it as the front page, duplicate the page, send a copy of the page to another instructor at their institution, or copy the page to one of their other courses. 
The Delete button allows instructors to delete selected pages.
Student View
Students can view pages in courses. However, instructors can allow students to edit and contribute to course pages. Students can always create pages in their student group.
In groups, students can view the same page layout with the name of the page, creation dates, and edit dates. They can also add new pages in a group. In the Options icon, they can edit, delete, or use a page as the front page for a group. Students can use the Delete button to delete selected pages for a group. How do I duplicate a grading scheme in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Schemes
Click the Grading Schemes tab.
Duplicate Grading Scheme
Clicking the Duplicate icon.
Confirm Duplication
To confirm the duplication of the grading scheme, click the Duplicate button.
View Grading Scheme Copy
View the grading scheme copy. You can edit and modify the grading scheme.How do I know if my student has submitted an assignment as an observer
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Submission Details
Click the assignment name.
View Submission Details
The submission details page displays a submission confirmation which includes the date and time the student submitted the assignment.How do I delete a file or folder as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Delete File
To delete a file, click the line item for the file. Click the Deleteicon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link. 
Delete Folder
To delete a folder, click the line item for the folder. Click the Delete icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link.
Confirm Delete
Click the OK button.How do I create and manage filters in the Gradebook as an instructor
00:00:How do i create and manage filters in the Gradebook?
00:04:In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
00:08:To view or manage gradebook filters, click the Apply Filters button.
00:13:Click the Create & Manager Filter Presets link.
00:17:To create a new filter, click the Create Filter Preset expand arrow icon.
00:23:Depending on how your course is setup, you can filter gradebook content by assignment groups, grading periods, modules, sections, student groups, submissions, start dates, and end dates.
00:38:To save the filter for future use, enter a filter name in the Filter preset name field.
00:44:To add a filter type, click a filter type drop-down menu
00:49:You can select a specific filter type in which to filter gradebook content. The filter type field format and listed options vary depending on the selected filter type. If you selected the Sections filter type, course sections display in the Sections drop-down menu. To view content for a specific section, click the section name.
01:10:If you selected the Assignment Group filter type, course assignment groups display in the Assignment Groups drop-down menu. To view content for a specific assignment group, click the assignment group name.
01:23:If you selected the Module filter type, course modules display in the Modules drop-down menu. To view content for a specific module, click the module name.
01:34:If you selected the Student Group filter type, course student groups display in the Student Groups drop-down menu. To view content for a specific student group, click the student group name.
01:46:If you selected the Grading Periods filter type, you can view all grading periods or a specific grading period.
01:53:If you selected the Submissions filter type, you can select a specific submission type.
01:59:If you selected the Start Date or End Date filter type, you can view assignments with a start date or end date on or after a specific date. To view assignments with a start or end date on or after a specific date, add the date in the Date field.
02:15:To save the filter preset, click the Save Filter Preset button. To clear the filter presets, click the Clear button.
02:24:In the Apply Filters menu, view the saved filter preset.
02:29:In the Saved Filters Preset sidebar, existing filters display. To rename a filter, enter a new name in the Filter preset name field. To manage a filter preset's filter type, click a Filter Type drop-down menu.
02:45:To delete the filter, click the Delete Preset button.
02:49:To create a new filter, click the Create Filter Preset expand arrow icon.
02:55:View the filtered gradebook content. Applied filter names display in the Applied Filters section.
03:02:To remove a filter, click the filter option drop-down menu and click the Remove Filter option.
03:09:To remove all filters, click the Clear All Filters link
03:13:To view gradebook settings, click the Settings icon.
03:17:This guide covered how to create and manage filters in the Gradebook.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Filters
To view or manage gradebook filters, click the Apply Filters button.
Open Filter Presets
Click the Create & Manager Filter Presets link.
Create New Filter
To create a new filter, click the Create Filter Preset expand arrow icon.
Add Filter Details
To save the filter for future use, enter a filter name in the Filter preset name field. 
To add a filter type, click a filter type drop-down menu.
Depending on how your course is setup, you can filter gradebook content by assignment groups, grading periods, modules, sections, student groups, submissions, start dates, and end dates. 
Select Filter Type
You can select a specific filter type in which to filter gradebook content. The filter type field format and listed options vary depending on the selected filter type. 
View Sections Filter
If you selected the Sections filter type, course sections display in the Sections drop-down menu. 
To view content for a specific section, click the section name. 
View Assignment Group Filter
If you selected the Assignment Group filter type, course assignment groups display in the Assignment Groups drop-down menu. 
To view content for a specific assignment group, click the assignment group name. 
View Module Filter
If you selected the Module filter type, course modules display in the Modules drop-down menu. 
To view content for a specific module, click the module name. 
View Student Groups Filter
If you selected the Student Group filter type, course student groups display in the Student Groups drop-down menu. 
To view content for a specific student group, click the student group name. 
Note: If your course does not include student groups, the Student Groups option is not displayed.
View Grading Periods
If you selected the Grading Periods filter type, you can view all grading periods or a specific grading period. 
View Submissions Filter
If you selected the Submissions filter type, you can select a specific submission type. 
View Start and End Date Filter
If you selected the Start Date or End Date filter type, you can view assignments with a start date or end date on or after a specific date. 
To view assignments with a start or end date on or after a specific date, add the date in the Date field. 
Save Filter Preset
To save the filter preset, click the Save Filter Preset button.
To clear the filter presets, click the Clear button.
View Filter Preset
In the Apply Filters menu, view the saved filter preset.
Manage Gradebook Filters
In the Saved Filters Preset sidebar, existing filters display. 
To rename a filter, enter a new name in the Filter preset name field. 
To manage a filter preset's filter type, click a Filter Type drop-down menu.
To delete the filter, click the Delete Preset button. 
To create a new filter, click the Create Filter Preset expand arrow icon.
View Applied Filters
View the filtered gradebook content.
Applied filter names display in the Applied Filters section.
To remove a filter, click the filter option drop-down menu and click the Remove Filter option.
To remove all filters, click the ClearAll Filterslink.
To view gradebook settings, click the Settings icon.Changing SIS IDs
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, and then click the name of the account.
Search People
In Account Navigation, click the People link. In the account People page, search for the SIS ID.
Confirm Active User
If a user exists on the account, confirm that you are using the correct SIS ID. If this is a duplicate account for the correct user, you can merge the users. 
No Active User in Account
If you search for the SIS ID that is in use and get the message “No Users Found”, the user is most likely a deleted user.
Confirm Deleted User
To confirm that the SIS ID belongs to a deleted user, run an account provisioning report for Users, and select the Include Deleted Objects checkbox.
If the SIS ID is being used on a deleted user, you can either merge users or create a change_sis_id CSV import.
Merge Users
If you would like to merge the users, run a users.csv SIS Import with that deleted user’s information, and change the user's status to active.
After they are restored, you can then choose to merge those users or change the restored user’s SIS ID.
Change_SIS_ID.CSV
Alternatively, if you do not want to merge the user but would still like to use the SIS ID, create and import a change_sis_id.csv SIS Import. This import removes the SIS ID from the deleted user, and replaces it with one of your choosing.
The new_id field can be anything, though we typically recommend appending “_deleted” to the original SIS ID, to help you identify the deleted user if necessary, e.g.:
old_id: S0001
new_id: S0001_deleted
type: user
After that SIS Import runs successfully, you can then return to the new user and modify the SIS ID. How do I enable a course as a blueprint course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
Open Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Course
Click the Enable course as a Blueprint Course checkbox.
View Restrictions
If the course cannot be enabled as a blueprint course, the checkbox is grayed out. A course cannot be enabled as a blueprint course if the course contains student enrollments.
If the course is already associated with a blueprint course, you can view the course name and course ID as a reference (e.g. courses/XXX). The name of the blueprint course includes a link to access the blueprint course.
Define General Locked Objects
By default, the course is defined for General Locked Objects, meaning that any objects locked in the blueprint course are subject to general attributes that cannot be edited in associated courses. 
Select Attributes
As part of the general settings, select the attributes for the locked objects in this course. General locked objects support four attributes across any course object: content, points, availability dates, and due dates. 
The option to lock content is selected by default, though it can be deselected as a lock option. 
Locked objects cannot be edited in associated courses. For instance, when Content is selected as a locked object attribute, instructors in associated courses are not able to edit any content for any locked objects. Content also includes the title of the content item.
Define Locked Objects by Type
To define locked objects by type, select the Locked Objects by Type option. This setting means that any objects locked in the course are subject to specific settings set by type that cannot be edited in associated courses. 
Select Attributes
Blueprint courses support and sync five object types: assignments, discussions, pages, files, and quizzes. To select an attribute for an object type, expand the attribute type menu and select individual attributes that apply to each locked object. When an attribute is selected, the attribute name displays next to the object type.
Notes:
Attributes do not need to be the same for each object type. Additionally, depending on the object type, not all attributes may be available.
Rubrics can be updated and synced as part of blueprint courses. However, if points have been locked for an assignment, updating the rubric’s point value does not affect the assignment point value.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.How do I use the Collaborations Index Page as an instructor
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
View Collaborations
The Collaborations page displays all collaborations that have been created for the course. For each collaboration, you can view the name of the collaboration, the description, the person who created the collaboration, and the date and time the collaboration was created.
Add Collaboration
 To create a new collaboration, click the Add Collaboration button.
Depending on your institution's preference, you may be able to create a Google Drive collaboration or create a Microsoft Office 365 collaboration.
If your collaborations page does not match the image shown in this lesson, you can still create a Google Docs collaboration.
Open Collaboration
To open a collaboration, click the name of the collaboration.
Note: The collaboration will open in a new tab. You may be asked to sign in to view the file.
Manage Collaborations
To edit a collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete a collaboration, click the Delete icon.How do I view assignments or students individually in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Gradebook
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Switch to Individual Gradebook
Click the Gradebook menu, then click the Individual Gradebook link.
Select Section
In the Select a section drop-down menu, select the section you want to view.
Select Grading Period
When Multiple Grading Periods are enabled in a course, select the grading period you want to view in the Select a Grading Period drop-down menu. 
Note: You can only manage grades for assignments in a current or future grading period. Once the close date for a grading period has passed, you cannot edit grades for the prior grading period.
Sort Assignments
In the Sort assignments drop-down menu, select how to sort assignments. You can sort by assignment group and position, alphabetically, or by due date.
Select Gradebook Settings
Select any settings you want to display in the Gradebook Individual View.
To give ungraded assignments a zero grade, click the Treat Ungraded Assignments as 0 checkbox.
To hide student names, click the Hide Student Names checkbox. To display concluded enrollments, click the Show Concluded Enrollments checkbox.
To display theNotes Column in the Student Information section, click the Show Notes in Student Info checkbox. To show totals as points instead of percentage, click the Show Totals as Points on Student Grade Page checkbox.
Notes:
The Treat Ungraded Assignments as 0 option may be restricted when multiple grading periods are enabled
The Show Totals as Points on Student Grade Page option is only available if you are using unweighted assignment groups in your course
You can also select additional Gradebook settings by clicking the corresponding button: 
To download scores in a CSV file, click the Download Current Scores button.
To upload scores in a CSV file, click the Upload Scores button.
To view the history of grading changes, click the View Gradebook History link.
Select Student
In the Select a student drop-down menu, select the name of the student whose information you want to view. If you want to view all students beginning with the first student in your course or section, click the Next Student button. To return to the previous student, click the Previous Student button.
Student names will be sorted by last name and displayed according to your section preference in the Global Settings drop-down menu.
Select Assignment
In the Select an assignment drop-down menu, select the student's assignment you want to view. If you want to view the first assignment in your course, click the Next Assignment button. To view the previous assignment, click the Previous Assignment button.
Assignments will be displayed according to your sorting preference in the Global Settings drop-down menu.
View Gradebook Information
Once you select a student and an assignment, the Grading, Student Information, and Assignment Information sections will display all corresponding content. Scroll down the page to view each of these sections. You can revisit the Gradebook settings at any time to hide and show settings.
In the Grading section, you can manage the grade for the selected student and assignment.
To change a student's grade, enter the grade in the Grade field. To excuse the assignment,click the Excuse This Assignment for the Selected Student checkbox.
To view submission details, click the Submission Details button.
View Submission Details
The Submission Details page displays the assignment grade, submission date and time, and any submitted files. To view more details, click the More details in the SpeedGrader link.
To change the grade, enter the grade in the Grade field and click the Update Grade button.
To add a comment for the student, enter the comment in the Add a comment field and click the Post Comment button.
View Student Information
The Student Information section displays the student's name, secondary ID, and course sections. To open the student's Grades page, click the name of the student.
If the Show Notes in Student Info option has been selected in Global Settings, Student Information section will also display the Notes field.
In the Grades table, you can view grades for each assignment group. When grading periods are weighted and the All Grading Periods options is selected, the Grades section displays the weight of each grading period.
The Grades table also displays the student's final grade. The final grade may not be available when multiple grading periods are enabled.
View Assignment Information
The Assignment Information section allows you manage settings and view information for the entire assignment.
To open the assignment details page, click the name of the assignment. To open the assignment in SpeedGrader, click the See this assignment in SpeedGrader link.
To download all submissions, click the Download all submissions button.
You can also view the submission types enabled for the assignment, the number of graded submissions, the number of points possible, average score, high score, and low score.
To send a message to students who meet specific criteria, click the Message Students who button.
To set a default grade for the assignment, click the Set default grade button. To curve grades for the assignment, click the Curve Grades button.
Note: The Message students who button will not display if you are viewing an anonymous assignment.
Switch to Traditional Gradebook
To switch to the Traditional Gradebook, click the Gradebook drop-down menu and select the Traditional Gradebook option.How do I leave a group as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Groups
Click the Groups tab.
Or, to access groups through the Options menu, click the Options icon and then click the View User Groups link.
Leave Group
Next to the name of an available group, click the Leave button.
Verify Group Removal
A message appears at the top of your browser verifying you left the group. How do I create a new ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Create an ePortfolio
Click the Create an ePortfolio button.
Notes: 
You must be enrolled in a course to create a new ePortfolio. 
If the Create an ePortfolio button does not display, you may have an ePortfolio that has been marked as spam. Contact your Canvas administrator for further assistance.
Create ePortfolio
Name your ePortfolio by typing in the ePortfolio Name field. Decide if your ePortfolio will be public (you can change this setting later) and then click on the Make ePortfolio button.
View ePortfolio
Once the ePortfolio is created, there are several options for creating content for your portfolio, including a wizard that will walk you through your creation, step by step.
View Warning Message
If your ePortfolio has been marked as spam, a warning message will display in your ePortfolio. You will be unable to edit your ePortfolio until a Canvas administrator marks the ePortfolio as safe. Additionally, you will not be able to create any new ePortfolios until a Canvas administrator marks the ePortfolio as safe.
Edit ePortfolio
To edit your ePortfolio settings, click the ePortfolio Settings link. 
Update ePortfolio
Edit the ePortfolio name or visibility option in ePortfolio Settings. Click the Update ePortfolio button.How do I edit or remove a course outcome in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome
Locate the outcome you want to modify. In order to view your outcome, you may first need to click the outcome group.
Learn how to use the Outcomes page.
Modify Outcome
To edit an outcome, click the Options icon. Then click the Edit link.
Note: If you cannot use the Edit link for an outcome, it may be an account level outcome or an imported outcome.
Edit Outcome
You can edit the outcome's name, friendly name, description, and friendly description.
Click the Save button.
Modify Mastery Scale
If you have the permission to edit mastery scales, you can make changes to the default mastery scale in the Mastery tab.
Modify Mastery Calculation Method
If you have the permission to edit outcome proficiency calculations, you can make changes to calculation methods in the Calculation tab. 
Remove Outcome
To remove an outcome from your course, click the Options icon and click the Remove link.
Note: If you cannot use the Remove link for an outcome, it may be an account level outcome, an imported outcome, or an outcome aligned with an assignment or question bank.
Confirm Removal
To confirm you want to remove the outcome, click the Remove Outcome button.How do I validate links in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Validation Link
In the sidebar, click the Validate Links in Content link.
Start Link Validation
Click the Start Link Validation button.
View Links
If any links are found in the course, Canvas displays the number of links, followed by the name of the content item and the content's associated invalid link(s).
View Unpublished Content
By default, the Show links to unpublished content checkbox is selected. The page will display any broken links in unpublished content.
View Broken Link Details
The validator displays broken links and images by item type. Broken content is identified as either a link or an image. Non-existent content means that the object is invalid and should be replaced. Unreachable objects mean the image could not be displayed.
Update Links
To update links within course content, click the name of the content item.
After you update your content, you can validate your links again by returning to the Link Validator page and clicking the Restart Link Validation button. How do I upload a file as an assignment submission in Canvas as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Start Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button.
Add File
To upload a file from your computer, click the Upload File button. When the file window appears, locate and click the name of the file. At the bottom of the window, click the Choose or Browse button (depending on your browser). 
To upload a file you already uploaded to Canvas, click the Click here to find a file... link. The file list will expand. Click the name of the file.
If you have access to upload a file from Google Drive, you can submit a Google file by clicking the Google Drive tab.
Use Webcam
You can also use your computer's webcam to take a photo to upload as an assignment submission.
Add Another File
If you need to upload another file, click the Add Another File link.
Note: You can only upload additional files from your computer.
Submit Assignment
Click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submission Status
Large files display a submission status indicator. 
View Submission
View the confirmation of your assignment submission. Open Assignments
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
View Assignments Index Page
In the Assignments Index page, you can view all the assignments in your course.
By default, assignments are grouped by overdue assignments, upcoming assignments, undated assignments, and past assignments.
Overdue Assignments: assignments and discussions that are past the due date, are still available, have not been submitted, and have not been graded.
Upcoming Assignments: assignments, discussions, and quizzes that have an upcoming due date.
Undated Assignments: assignments, discussions, and quizzes that do not have a due date.
Past Assignments: assignments and discussions that are past the due date and either are not available, have been submitted, or have received a grade; quizzes that are past the due date.
Each assignment also includes an icon with the assignment type: assignment, discussion, or quiz.
Note:The Assignments Index page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a list of keyboard shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Assignment Summary
Each assignment displays the assignment name, availability dates (if any), due date (if any), and points possible.
View Availability Dates
The first dates you may see are called availability dates. Sometimes your instructor only wants you to submit an assignment during a specified date range, so the available dates are the range of time that the assignment is accessible to you. 
If the assignment does not have a date listed, the assignment is open; you can submit the assignment at any time during your course. 
If the assignment says Available until [date], you can submit the assignment until the specified date. 
If the assignment says Not Available Until [date], the assignment is locked until the specified date.
If the assignment says Closed, the assignment cannot accept submissions. 
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm. 
View Due Dates
An assignment may display a second date, which is the Due date. Any assignments submitted after the due date are marked as late; some instructors may deduct points for late submissions. Again, not all assignments may include a Due date. 
Due dates also include a time. If your instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
You can still submit late assignments before the Available until date.
Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date. 
Filter Assignments
If your course includes Multiple Grading Periods, you can view assignments by grading period. You can search for an assignment by typing an assignment title or a keyword in the Search for assignment field.By default, assignments on the Assignments Index page display by due date. To view assignments by type (assignment, discussion, quiz), click the Type button.
Open Assignment
To view the details of an assignment, click the name of the assignment.
View Assignment
The Assignment Summary header displays the assignment title, due date,and points possible. Not all assignments may have a due date.
The Attempt drop-down allows you to view your submission attempts for the assignment. By default, the Attempt drop-down displays your most recent submission attempt. 
The Progress Tracker displays the assignment submission and grading status. 
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button. 
View the number of allowed attempts and availability dates. 
If your instructor added assignment instructions, they display in the Details section. 
If a rubric has been added to the assignment, the View Rubric section automatically expands to display the assignment rubric. 
If the assignment is accepting submissions, you can select a permitted submission type from the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If your assignment is part of a module, you can view the previous module item by clicking the Previous button and the next module item by clicking the Next button.
Assignment instructions can only be downloaded if your instructor has included a link to download them. You can also print the screen or copy and paste the directions into a word processing program. You can also view the assignment in the Canvas mobile app.
If the assignment allows multiple attempts and is within its set availability dates, you can resubmit the assignment.
View Assignment with Availability Dates
When you access an assignment during its set availability dates, you can view all available assignment information. Availability dates may include a first available date (open date), last available date (locked or closed), or both dates to create an overall date range. The Due date may be before or on the last available date (if one is set).
If you were to miss the assignment submission due date, you could still submit the assignment until the last available date. Once the last available date passes, you can no longer submit the assignment.
View Assignment with Limited Attempts
Your instructor may limit the number of submission attempts you are allotted for an assignment. If your assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view your submission attempts and the number of allowed submissions for the assignment. 
Once you have used all your submission attempts, the New Attempt button will disappear. 
View Locked Assignment
If an assignment is not within its set availability dates, you cannot view assignment details nor submit or resubmit work.
Locked assignments display locked icon and message. If your assignment is locked due to module prerequisites, you can view course modules by click the modules page link. 
View Assignment Score
If your assignment has been graded by your instructor, you can view the score for each attempt. If your assignment has been graded without a submission, you can view your offline score.Open Calendar
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
Click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the link, copy the text in the URL field. 
To download the feed as an ICS file, click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
To subscribe to an external calendar, paste the URL or import the ICS file.How do I import content from Angel into Canvas as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the drop-down menu, select the Angel export .zip format option.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Find and click the Angel .zip file you want to import. Click the Open button.
Select Question Bank
In the Default Question bank drop-down menu, select the Question bank you want to use for your question bank from Angel. 
Create Question Bank
If you do not have a question bank you want to use, you can create a new question bank. In the drop-down menu, select the Create new question bank option.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, select the All Content radio button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content radio button.
Note: If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import after you review the remaining page options. After you start importing the content, the import selection cannot be canceled. 
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.How do I clear my browser cache and cookies
Chrome
To learn more about clearing your cache in Google Chrome, visit Google Support.
In the Chrome browser toolbar, click the More menu icon.
Select the Clear browsing data link.
In the data drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files checkboxes. 
Click the Clear data button.
Chrome - Clearing Canvas Cookies Only
Chrome also offers users a way to delete cookies for a single website such as Canvas:
In the Chrome browser toolbar, click the More menu icon.
Click the Settings link.
Click the Privacy and security Third-party cookies option.
Click the See all site data and permissions link.
At the top right, search for instructure.com or the name of your institution's URL.
To the right of the site name, click the Delete icon.
To confirm, click the Delete button.
Edge
To learn more about clearing your cache in Edge, visit Microsoft Support.
In the Edge menu bar, click the Settings icon.
Select Privacy, Search and Services link.
Click the Choose What to Clear button.
Choose the types of data or files you want to remove. Select the Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Now button.
Firefox
To learn more about clearing your cache in Firefox, visit Firefox Support. 
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox menu icon. 
Select the Settings link.
Click the Privacy & Security tab.
In the Cookies and Site Data section, click the Clear Data... button. 
Select both the Cookies and Site Data and the Cached Web Content checkboxes. 
Click the Clear button.
Safari
To learn more about clearing your cache in Safari, visit Apple Support.
In the Safari menu bar, click the Safari option.
Click the Clear History link.
In the Clear drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Click the Clear History button.How do I restore a deleted course in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
Click the Admin Tools link.
Select Restore Type
In the Restore Content tab, click the Select a restore type drop-down menu and select the Courses option.
You can also restore deleted users.
Enter Course ID
In the Course ID field, enter the course ID of the course you want to restore. Click the Find button. 
Restore Course
When the course appears, click the Restore button. 
Confirm Course Restore
Canvas will confirm you have restored your course.
To view the course, click the View Course button. To add user enrollments into the course, click the Add Enrollments button.How do I enable Slack for an account as an admin
Open Slack Apps
Open api.slack.com/apps in your internet browser. 
If necessary, log in to your Slack account. 
Create New Slack App
Click the Create New App button. 
Give the app a name in the App Name field. The app name will display to users in the Slack workspace. 
Select your institution's workspace or the workspace the app should belong to in the Development Slack Workspace drop-down.
To create the app, click the Create App button.
Add OAuth Scope 
Open the OAuth & Permissions page. 
In the Scopes section, click the Add an OAuth Scope button.
Select Scopes
Click the Add permission by Scope or API method drop-down menu and select the following OAuth scope options:
channels:manage: Manage public channels that your Slack app has been added to and create new ones
chat:write: Send messages as your Slack app
groups:write: Manage private channels that your Slack app has been added to and create new ones
im:write: Start direct messages with people
mpim:write: Start group direct messages with people
users:read: View people in the workspace
users:read.email: View email addresses of people in the workspace
Install App 
To save and install the app, click the Install App to Workspace button.
Allow App Workspace Access
A message displays requesting permission for the app to access the Slack workspace. 
Click the Allow button. 
Copy Slack Bot Access Token
Once the app is created in Slack, click the Install App link. 
Locate the Bot User OAuth Access Token and click the Copy button. 
Add Slack API Token
In the Account Settings page in Canvas, locate the Slack API Token section and paste the copied token in the New Slack API Key field. 
To save, click the Update Settings button. 
Note: If the Slack API Key heading does not display, refresh your browser window.
Create Contact Method
In your user settings page, click the Add Contact Method link. 
Click the Slack Email tab, and enter the email address of your Slack account in the Slack Email field. 
Then click the Register Slack Email button. 
Confirm Communication Channel
In Slack, look for a notification sent to the newly-created Slack App with a four-digit Canvas registration code. 
In Canvas, enter the four-digit code in the Confirm Communication Channel field. Then click the Confirm button.
Once confirmed, all users in your Slack account can add the Slack Email contact method and manage their Slack notification settings in the User Settings page. How do I add a course-level role in the Permissions page as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Permissions
In Account Navigation, click the Permissions link.
Add Role 
In the Course Roles tab, click the Add Role button.
Add Role Name
In the Role Name field, type the name of the new role.
Select User Type
In the Base Type field, select the type of user you want to apply to the role. You can choose from student, teacher, TA, designer, or observer.
The base role you select will determine the default permissions for the new user role.
Save Role
Click the Save button.
View Course Role
View the new course-level role.How do I hide student names in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open SpeedGrader Options
Click the Settings icon. In the settings drop-down menu, click the Options link.
Hide Student Names
To hide the student names, click the Hide student names in the SpeedGrader checkbox.
Note: If the checkbox to hide student names is not visible in SpeedGrader settings, anonymous grading has been enabled for the assignment. 
Save Settings
Click the Save Settings button.
View Student Names
View the student drop-down menu and verify that all student names are hidden. Student names display as generic names such as Student 1, Student 2, etc.How do I split merged users in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Split Merged Users
Click the Split Merged Users link.
Note: If the Split Merged Users option does not displayed, the 180-day limit has expired and the user can no longer be split from the previous merge.
Split Merged User Accounts
Click the Split button.
Note: You can split previously merged users within 180 days of the user merge. However, merged users cannot be fully restored to their previous state.
View Confirmation
To view the split user accounts, click the user's name. To return to the user's profile, click the OK button.How do I align an outcome to a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To align an outcome to a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Open Outcomes
Click the Outcomes button.
Align Outcome
Click anywhere in the Align Institution outcomes to this Quiz section.
Select Outcome
The Attached Outcomes page displays course-level outcomes. You can also view account-level outcomes if they have been added to the course. 
To attach an outcome to your quiz question, browse outcomes using the Outcome Picker. You can also search outcomes by typing in the Search Outcomes field.
Click the checkbox next to the outcome you want to attach.
View a list of all selected outcomes. To remove a selected outcome, click the Remove icon or deselect the outcome checkbox.
To apply your selected outcomes, click the Align Selected button.
View Outcome
View your aligned outcome. To view outcome details, click the name of the outcome.
To remove the outcome from the question, click the Delete icon. To add another outcome, click the Add button.
View Outcome Details
The details of an outcome include outcome ratings and mastery level.
To return to the quiz, click the OK button.How do I practice using the API to import SIS data to a Canvas account as an admin
Install cURL
On your computer or operating system, ensure that cURL is installed properly on your computer or operating system.
OS X & Linux (Ubuntu)
cURL should already be installed and run from the Terminal application. 
cURL may already be installed. If not already installed, run the following command with a user that has sudo privileges:
sudo apt-get install curl
After installing cURL, test the installation by typing the following command on a terminal or command prompt:
curl --version
If successfully installed, the version of cURL should be displayed.
Windows
If you are planning to use Windows as your import server you should consider using PowerShell instead of cURL for your production import tool. PowerShell is native to Windows and should result in a more reliable import script than using cURL and a batch file. We only recommend using cURL on Windows for testing purposes. Learn how to install PowerShell on Windows.
Import Test File
Practice using the API before adding the complexity of a script.
In the “tmp” directory, create a CSV file name \P\P\P\Pthat will create a basic course. The file name is case sensitive. Or, you can also use this example file: test_course.csv
Open a terminal command prompt and change directory into the “tmp” directory.
Run the command below replacing <api_token> with the API token you created earlier and <canvas_fqdn> with the domain name you use to access Canvas (example: institution_name.test.instructure.com):
curl -F attachment=@test_course.csv -H "Authorization: Bearer <api_token>" 'https://<canvas_fqdn>/api/v1/accounts/self/sis_imports.json?import_type=instructure_csv'
Upon success, you should receive a string of JSON back from the server that indicates the import has been created and provides an ID for the import job. The JSON will look something like:
{"created_at":"2014-02-27T13:03:39Z","ended_at":null,"updated_at":"2014-02-27T13:03:39Z","progress":0,"id":6670997,"workflow_state":"created","data":{"import_type":"instructure_csv"}}
The "id" and "workflow_state" parameters are important pieces of information to know as you develop your script. Their absence or value could indicate a problem. If you did not get an "id" parameter, or your "workflow_state" tag is anything other than created, you will need to troubleshoot the cause before proceeding.
Note: When this command is complete, you'll need the "id" parameter to check the status of an import.
Check Import Status
An important part of the automated import process is to know the status of your previous import before processing your next import. 
If you decide to do a standard import, you must fix the previous import before processing your next import because information may be lost from the failed/incomplete import job. If you are using full batch imports, the state is still important because you do not want to start your next full batch until the preceding batch has finished. Depending on your update frequency, size of import, and other factors, a full batch import could easily overrun your time window.
Run the following command with these replacements:
Replace <api_token> with the API token created earlier
Replace <canvas_fqdn> with your Canvas domain
Replace <import_id> with the ID from your test file import
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer <api_token>" 'https://<canvas_fqdn>/api/v1/accounts/self/sis_imports/<import_id>'
The command should return a JSON response that contains the status and result if the import is complete. The following is an example of result of the command run in the previous step:
{"created_at":"2014-02-27T13:03:39Z","ended_at":"2014-02-27T13:03:39Z","updated_at":"2014-02-27T13:03:39Z","progress":100,"id":6670997,"workflow_state":"imported","data":{"import_type":"instructure_csv","supplied_batches":["course"],"counts":{"accounts":0,"terms":0,"abstract_courses":0,"courses":1,"sections":0,"xlists":0,"users":0,"enrollments":0,"groups":0,"group_memberships":0,"grade_publishing_results":0}}}
Here are a few key points to consider regarding the JSON results:
progress: In a running job, the "progress" parameter indicates the percentage complete for the job. When a job is done running, the progress will be 100 percent.
workflow_state: The "workflow_state" parameter indicates the current state of a running job. In most cases, a successfully completed job will indicate a state of "imported." If you see anything other than "imported" or "importing," you will need to stop here and troubleshoot the cause before proceeding.
If the state is "importing," try running the command again until the state returns "imported". 
If the state is "imported_with_messages" or "failed_with_messages," check the contents of "processing_warnings" or "processing_errors".How do I import outcomes for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Import Outcomes
Click the Import button.
Upload File
Drag and drop your CSV file to the upload area, or click in the upload area to choose a file from your computer.
Open File
Locate the CSV file and then click the Open button.
View Import Status
Canvas displays a loading page while the file uploads. Large CSV files may take time to import. You can leave the Outcomes page at any time without disrupting the import process. 
View Import Success
When the file has been successfully imported, Canvas displays a confirmation message. You will also receive an email that the import was successful.
View Import Errors and Warnings
If the import was not successful, or if the import altered existing outcomes, Canvas displays an error message.
The error message displays for outcome import errors and for outcome import warnings. 
You will receive an email with details about the first 100 errors and warnings. Each error or warning will include the CSV row number and a description of the error or warning. 
Import errors stop the import process entirely and need to be fixed before outcomes can be imported successfully. The following types of errors may occur in CSV files:
Required headings are missing
Other headings are placed after the ratings header
Invalid headers are present
Required fields are missing
Import file contains no data
Invalid UTF-8 string
When an import warning occurs, Canvas skips the affected row and the import moves on. The following types of warnings may occur in CSV files:
Rating tiers have missing points
Rating tiers have invalid point values
Rating tiers have points in wrong order
Object type is incorrect
Parent group refers to missing outcomes
Parent groups are invalid
Workflow state is invalid
Calculation validation method not specified
Group receives invalid fields
Outcome edits are not within the same context
Correct the errors in the CSV file according to the Outcomes Import Format Documentation and re-import the file.
View Outcomes
View the outcomes imported into your account.How do I subscribe to the Calendar feed using Google Calendar as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
Click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the link, copy the text in the URL field.
To download the feed as an ICS file, click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
Log in to Google Account
In a new browser, log in to your Google Account.
Note: If you are participating in Google Apps for Education, log in to your Institution Email Account to subscribe to the Calendar Feed.
Locate Calendar
Click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
Your calendar displays your calendars and other calendars.
Add Other Calendars
Click the Other Calendars Add icon. 
To paste a copied calendar feed, click the From URL link.
To import a downloaded ICS file, click the Import link.
Add Calendar by URL
Take the copied URL from Canvas and paste it into the URL of calendar field. Click the Add Calendar button.
Add Calendar by File
To import a downloaded ICS file, click to select the file. Then click the Import button.How do I add a grading scheme in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Schemes
Click the Grading Schemes tab.
Add New Grading Scheme
Click the Add New Grading Scheme button.
Edit Grading Scheme
Create a title in the Grading Scheme Name field. You can choose to have the grading scheme by percentage or points. For each line item, edit the grading scheme name in the Letter Grade field. Edit the minimum end of each individual range in the To [Number] % field.
Add Range
If you need to add ranges, click the Add button. You can remove individual ranges by clicking the Delete button. When you are finished editing your grading scheme, click the Save button. 
Modify Grading Scheme
Your new grading scheme displays alphabetically in the Grading Scheme Name column.
 You can duplicate the grading scheme by clicking the Duplicate icon, you can edit the grading scheme by clicking the Edit icon, you can archive the grading scheme by clicking the Archive icon, and you can delete a grading scheme, by clicking the Delete icon.
Notes: 
You can only edit and delete grading schemes that have not been used for grading.
If grading schemes are used to grade a student in a course, the scheme can no longer be deleted from the account.How do I create assignment columns for non-submission assignments in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Enter Assignment Details
Enter a name and description for your assignment, as well as any other assignment details.
Note: No Submission and On Paper assignments still appear to students on their Assignments page. To avoid confusion, it is best to make a note in the description about the assignment so students will know whether or not a submission is required and if so, how they are supposed to submit it. 
Set Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the No Submission option or On Paper option.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
Note: Along with published assignments, the Gradebook will display unpublished assignments by default, but you can not enter grades for unpublished assignments.
Student View
When students view a no submission or on-paper assignment, they will not see the Submit Assignment button. They can view the details and point value for the assignment. The Submitting section will indicate whether the submission is on-paper or if no submission is required.How do I manage outcome mastery scales in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Open Mastery
To view and manage the mastery scale for the account, click the Mastery tab.
Note: If the Mastery tab does not display in the Outcomes page, account-level outcome mastery scales have not been enabled by your institution.
Manage Mastery Scale
The Mastery page displays the mastery scale used as the default for all courses in your account. By default, the account mastery scale includes five levels: Exceeds Mastery, Mastery, Near Mastery, Below Mastery, and No Evidence.
For each mastery level, you can view a description for the level, level points, and level color.
To modify a level description, enter a description in the Description field.
To modify the point value associated with level achievement, enter a value in the Points field.
To specify the level that indicates student mastery, locate the level in the list and click the Mastery radio button.
Change Color
Each mastery level is assigned a color that displays when viewing outcome scores in the Learning Mastery Gradebook. To change the level's color, click the Change link. Then click the icon for the color you want to use or enter the color's hex code in the text field. If the hex code is not valid, the field displays a warning icon. Any variation of white is not accepted as a color.
To save your color selection, click the Apply button.
Add Mastery Level
To add a new mastery level, click the Add Mastery Level button. The new level displays at the bottom of the list and cannot be moved. However, the mastery levels will be sorted numerically after your changes are saved.
Delete Mastery Level
To delete a mastery level, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm you want to delete the mastery level, click the Confirm button.
Save Mastery Scale
To save changes to the mastery scale, click the Save Mastery Scale button.
Confirm Changes
Saving your mastery scale changes will update all rubrics aligned to outcomes that have not been assessed in your account. To confirm your changes, click the Save button.How do I view course content offline as an HTML file as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Export Course Content
Click the Export Course Content button.
Export Course
The course will download to your computer as a ZIP file. If you remain in the page until the download is complete, the file will download directly to your computer.
If you leave the page, you'll receive an email notification when the course download is complete. You can use a link in the email to download the file.
View Export History
When the export is complete, the Exported Package History page shows the most recent export. To download the export again, click the date of the export.
If you export the course again at a later date, the most recent export will always display in the page, along with previous exports.
Open ZIP File
Once the file has been downloaded, locate the ZIP file on your computer. Double click the file to open it (MAC users) or right-click the file and select Extract All (PC users). 
When the file expands, open the course folder and open the index.html file.
Open Course Content
The HTML file will open in your default browser. Offline downloads include all content from the course at the time of the download. You will need to download the course each time you want to view updated course content.
If any content can only be accessed online, the content link includes an external icon identifying the content as online only.
To view course files, click the Files link.
To open course content, click the name of the content.
View Course Content
View the content in the course file. 
To view the next content item in the module, click the Next button.
To return to the main Modules page, click the name of the course in the page footer.How do I view Assignment Enhancements as an observer
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment. 
View Assignment
You can view the due date, points, and look at your student's attempts for the assignment. Not all assignments may have a due date.
You can also view additional details:
Details: any instructions from the instructor about the assignment. Please note that you cannot download assignment instructions unless your instructor has included a link to download them. You can also print the screen or copy and paste the directions into a word processing program, or you can also view the assignment in the Canvas mobile app.
Available Submission Type: shows how a student can submit an assignment.
Rubric:any grading criteria that the instructor has provided for the assignment. An assignment may or may not include a rubric. Before submitting your assignment, you may want to review the assignment rubric.
View Feedback: any comments from the instructor about the assignment. How do I use the Inbox as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
If the Inbox link includes a numbered indicator, the indicator shows how many unread messages you have in your Inbox. Once you read the new messages, the indicator will disappear.
View Toolbar
The toolbar includes global message options. To load conversations, filter your messages by course or group and type. 
You can also search for conversations by user in the Search by user field.
Filtering by type lets you filter messages by Inbox, Unread, Starred, Sent, Archived, and Submission Comments. You can compose a message at any time using the compose icon. 
Once you have selected a conversation, you can use the other options in the toolbar to:
Reply to a conversation
Reply-all to a conversation
Archive a conversation
Delete a conversation
You can also click the More Options icon to forward, mark a conversation as read or unread, and star conversations
View Inbox Panels
Conversations for your selected course and Inbox filter appear in the left Inbox panel. 
View Conversations
The Inbox is organized chronologically from newest to oldest with the newest conversations appearing on top and the older conversations at the bottom.
You can manually mark a conversation as read or unread by hovering over the conversation and clicking the circle to the left of the conversation. To star a conversation, hover over the conversation and click the star to the right of the conversation. 
View Conversation Thread
When you select a conversation, all messages in the conversations thread display in the right Inbox panel. 
View Message Details
The conversation thread displays the title of the conversation. 
Each message within a conversation displays the names of the message participants, with the name of the sender in bold. 
You can view the course name, the author's personal pronouns (if enabled), and the date and time the message was sent.
You can also view the message content.
To de-select a conversation, click the Return icon.
Manage Conversation Thread
Within each conversation thread, you can reply, reply-all, forward, archive, star, or delete the entire conversation thread.
To reply to the latest message in a conversation, click the Reply icon.
To reply-all, forward, archive, star, or delete the entire conversation thread, click the More Options icon. Then click one of the options.
Manage Individual Message
You can manage an individual message within a conversation. To reply to a message within a conversation, click the Reply icon.
To reply-all, forward, or delete a message within a conversation thread, click the More Options icon. Then click one of the options. 
Select Multiple Conversations
To select multiple conversations to archive, delete, mark as read, mark as unread, or star, click the checkbox for each message. Then click the Inbox toolbar More Options icon, and select an option.
Note: To select or deselect conversations, you can also press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) while clicking each message you want to select or deselect. How do I link to other pages in a group as a student
Open Pages
In Group Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for a group, if there is a front page selected. Click the View All Pages button to select a page from the Pages Index.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you want to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Select Link Location
In the Rich Content Editor, place your cursor where you wish to insert the link. 
Insert Link
You can add links to group content. The name of the content will appear in the Rich Content Editor and flash yellow. Then the name will turn blue, indicating it is a link.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
View Page
View the page.How do I upload all student submissions for an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Re-Upload Submissions
Click the Re-Upload Submissions link.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Click the file name to choose the file. Then click the Open button.
Upload Files
Click the Upload Files button.
View Upload Status
Canvas displays a submission status page while your files are uploading and processing. You can leave this page at any time while the files continue to upload. To go back to the assignment details page, click the Back to Assignment button.
Open Upload Status Page
To view the upload status of your submission files, click the View Upload Status link.
View Uploaded Submissions
Canvas will confirm your files have been uploaded and associated with student submissions. If any files were ignored in the upload, those files will also be listed.
Note: Depending on your computer's operating system, your upload may include hidden files with a ._ prefix. Canvas will ignore these types of files, as well as any files that do not match the file name of any students' original submission. How do I limit a user to only interact with other users in the same course section as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
View Memberships
Locate the Membership Section in the user details page. 
If your institution has enabled Profiles, the Membership page displays directly in the page.
View More User Details
If Profiles is not enabled for your institution, you can view the Membership Section by clicking the more user details link.
Limit User to Section
Click the Limit this user to only see fellow section users link.
Let User See All Sections
Verify the user can only view students in their section.
Note: If you want to allow the student to view students in any course section again, click the let this user see all course users link.Posting grades in the Gradebook
In-Class or Offline Quizzes
If you create a quiz for an offline or in-class quiz or for a quiz taken outside of Canvas and see icons in the Gradebook instead of scores, a student may have inadvertently submitted the quiz in Canvas. To display the student's score in the Gradebook in this case, you must review the quiz in SpeedGrader and manually update the student's score. However, we recommended that you create an assignment with the No Submission submission type for offline or in-class quizzes to avoid issues with submissions and grading.
Ungraded Quiz Questions or Assignments
An icon in the grade cell in Gradebook may also indicate ungraded questions or assignments. Some question types, such as essay questions, require you to manually grade the question. A student's score does not display in the Gradebook until these questions have been manually graded in SpeedGrader.
When an assignment or quiz is ungraded, the Assignment icon displays. How do I view and manage grading schemes in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Schemes
Click the Grading Schemes tab.
View Grading Schemes
The Grading Schemes page shows all grading schemes for your account.
Add New Grading Scheme
To add an account grading scheme, click the Add New Grading Scheme button.
Manage Grading Schemes
To search for a grading scheme, enter the name in the Search... field.
To open a grading scheme, click the grading scheme's name.
To sort grading schemes alphabetically (ascending or descending), click the Arrow icon.
To view the locations where the grading scheme is used, click the Show courses and assignments link.
To duplicate the grading scheme, click the Duplicate icon.
To edit a grading scheme, click the Edit icon.
To archive a grading scheme, click the Archive icon.
To delete a grading scheme, click the Delete icon. 
To unarchive and restore a grading scheme, click the Unarchive icon. 
Notes: 
Editing the name and description of grading schemes currently in use does not allow edits to percentages or points in the grading scheme. 
A grading scheme established at the course level cannot be deleted, archived, or edited at the account level.
A grading scheme created at the account level cannot be deleted, archived, or edited at the course level.
You can only edit grading schemes that have not been used for grading.
If a grading scheme is used to grade a student in a course, you cannot delete the scheme from the account.
A grading scheme in use can be archived and then restored to an active state.
An archived grading scheme cannot be leveraged in the future by a course or assignment unless the scheme is restored.
The default Canvas grading scheme cannot be archived.
When copying or exporting a course, archived default grading schemes are not copied or exported.How do I manage groups as a student group leader
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Groups
Click the Groups tab.
Or, to access groups through the Options menu, click the Options icon and then click the View User Groups link.
Manage Group
To edit the group name and add or remove members, click the Manage link.
To view the group Home page, click the Visit link.
Note: If you visit the group Home page, you can click the Edit Group button to edit the group name. 
Edit Group Name
To edit the group name, edit the text in the Group Name field. 
Add or Remove Group Members
To add or remove group members, click the checkboxes next to their names. 
When you are finished, click the Submit button.
Note: You cannot change the list of members to choose from.
View Group Changes
To view the updated group membership, click the group Expand icon. View the group members.
Note: The person icon indicates the group student leader.Student Getting Started Resources
Introduction
What is Canvas?
Canvas is a Learning Management System. To learn more about Canvas terminology and definitions, visit How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions?
Because Canvas is a web-based system, it doesn’t need to be installed on your computer. However, you’ll want to make sure that your computer and web browser meet the basic requirements to run Canvas.
What is the Student role?
In Canvas, the Student role is most commonly used to enroll users who will participate in a course for course credit. Users enrolled as students can view course content and participate in course assignments and communications. Students cannot view and participate in a course until it is published and the course has started.
Canvas for Elementary
Canvas for Elementary is a Canvas setting that displays a simplified interface and experience designed for younger learners.
Canvas Guides
The Canvas Student Guide has over 200 articles that each answer a question that relates to using the Canvas interface as a student. Each article also includes Next and Previous links so you can easily navigate to related content.
User Account Setup
Before you can do anything in Canvas, you'll need an account and the URL for your institution's Canvas website. View the articles below for help with setting up your account, logging in, and managing your user settings.
How do I accept an email invitation to join a Canvas course as a student?
How do I sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student?
How do I edit my profile in my user account as a student?
How do I change the settings in my user account as a student?
How do I log in to Canvas as a student?
Use QR Code to Log In
Theres a very simple way to log in to the Canvas Student app. In the web version of Canvas, if you click the Account link in the Global Navigation menu, you'll see a QR for Mobile Login link. After opening the Canvas Student app on your mobile device, scan that code. You will be instantly logged-in, without having to worry about connecting to your school and retyping your information.
How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as a student?
How do I log in to the Canvas Student app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I log in to the Canvas Student app on my Android Device with a QR code?
Canvas Overview
Once your account is set up, take a minute to familiarize yourself with the Canvas user interface. The articles below show you how to navigate Canvas and use a few of the tools that link across all your courses.
How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as a student?
How do I use the Dashboard as a student?
How do I use the Inbox as a student?
How do I use the Calendar as a student?
How do I use Files as a student?
How do I add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as a student?
Course Basics
Within a Canvas course, you can submit assignments, participate in discussions, view grades, and collaborate with other students. What is available in your course depends on what has been implemented by your instructor. View the articles below for some of the basics of Canvas courses.
How do I use the Course Home Page as a student?
How do I view Assignments as a student?
How do I submit an online assignment?
How do I view my grades in a current course?
How do I reply to a discussion as a student?
How do I reply to a discussion in Discussions Redesign as a student?
How do I take a quiz? (Classic Quizzes)
How do I take a quiz in New Quizzes?
How do I view Collaborations as a student?
How do I use Conferences in a course as a student?
How do I view Pages as a student?
Learn more about Canvas features in the Canvas Basics Guide.
Canvas on Mobile Devices
Visit the Canvas Student Android Guide or the Canvas Student iOS Guide to learn more.
How can I use Canvas on my mobile device as a student?
What is the Canvas Student app?
Canvas for Elementary Student Android Guide
Canvas for Elementary Student iOS Guide
Canvas Student Mobile Features
Canvas Student App
Canvas also has a free mobile app available for iOS and Android that is specifically tailored to students. View information about the Student app below.
How do I download the Canvas Student app on my iOS device?
How do I log in to the Student app on my iOS device with a Canvas URL?
How do I log in to the Student app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I use the Student app on my iOS device?
How do I view Assignments in the Student app on my iOS device?
How do I download the Student app on my Android device?
How do I log in to the Student app on my Android device with a Canvas URL?
How do I log in to the Canvas Student app on my Android device with a QR code?
How do I use the Student app on my Android device?
How do I view Assignments in the Student app on my Android device?
Additional Resources
Getting Started with Canvas in 10 Steps (Students)
Getting Started with Canvas as a Student (Video Series)
Canvas for Elementary Student Guides
Troubleshooting for StudentsHow do I add a to-do item in the List View Dashboard as a student
Add To-do Item
Click the Add To Do button. 
Add To-do Details
In the To Do sidebar Title field, type a name for the to-do item. 
The Date field defaults to the current date, and the Time field defaults to 11:59pm. To change the date and/or time when you want to complete the item, modify the date or time appropriately.
Items default as general to-do items, but you can associate the item with a course by selecting a course from the Course drop-down menu. 
In the Details field, any other details about your to-do item.
Save To-do
Click the Save button.
View To-do Item
View your to-do item. 
Items that you associate with a course display on the to-do list with other course to-do items. 
Items that are not associated with a specific course display at the bottom of the day's to-do list. 
Manage To-do Item
To edit or delete a To-Do item, click the Edit icon.
To edit the item, edit the information in the To Do details sidebar. To save your edits, click the Save button. 
To delete the item, click the Delete button. When the delete confirmation window displays, click the OK button.How do I organize my ePortfolio pages as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize/Manage Pages
Click the Organize/Manage Pages link. 
Manage Pages
You can organize your ePortfolio pages in the menu. 
To rename a page, click the name of the page and type the new name in the field. 
To reorder a page, hover over the page name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location in your section organization.
View Page Settings
You can also use the Settings icon to organize ePortfolio pages.
To view your options, click the Settings icon. To rename a page, click the Rename link. To delete a page, click the Delete link. 
To move a page, click the Move To... link.
Move Page
In the page drop-down menu, select the page that should come after the page you are moving. Click the Move button.
Save Changes
Click the Done Editing button.How do I edit the assignment details of a New Quizzes quiz as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Edit Quiz in Canvas
Click the title of the quiz you want to edit.
Edit Quiz
To edit the name of the quiz, enter the name change in the Name field. To edit the total points for the quiz, enter a point total in the Points field. Adjusting the total points only impacts the total points available for the quiz, it does not alter point settings for individual quiz questions. 
To edit the quiz's assignment group, click In the Assignment Group drop-down menu.
To change the format the quiz as displayed to students, click the Display Grade as drop-down menu and select the option you prefer. To remove this quiz from final grade calculations, click the Do not count this assignment towards the final grade checkbox. 
To grade the quiz anonymously, click the Graders cannot view student names checkbox."
In the Assign To field, select who will be required to take the quiz. You can assign the quiz to individual students or sections.
In the Due field, select the due date for the quiz.
In the Available fields, select the availability dates for the quiz. In progress quizzes will automatically submit when the Until date and time passes. 
To add a rubric to the quiz, click the Add Rubric button.
Notes: 
You can edit multiple quiz attempt settings in Quiz Settings.
Editing the point total does not update the score for students who have already taken the quiz and needs to be regraded.
Notify Students
Once you have edited the quiz, you can notify the students in your course that the quiz has changed by selecting the Notify users this content has changed checkbox. The notification will be sent to any students who have enabled the Course Content option in their notification settings, including students who have already completed the quiz. 
Note: If you change the due date of the quiz, students who have enabled the Due Date option in their notification settings receive a notification, regardless of whether you select the quiz change notification checkbox.
Save Changes
To save your changes, click the Save button.How do I use Analytics Hub to access all my Instructure data from one place as an admin
In the beta environment only, Admin Analytics and Course Analytics data is pulled from Canvas Data 2 (CD2)/Data Access Platform (DAP). All data will be migrated to CD2/DAP on August 1, 2024. You can migrate your data to CD2/DAP before August 1, 2024 by contacting your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Analytics Hub
In Account Navigation, click the Analytics Hub link.
View Analytics Hub
The Analytics Hub displays area cards for accessing available data, analytics, and insights. Depending on your preferences, purchases, and role permissions, you may have access to the following areas of analytics:
AI-Assisted Insights: Use everyday language to query your data and gain deep insights with custom visualizations. Learn more about Ask Your Data.
Usage & Adoption: Measure and monitor the adoption of Canvas and its intetrated LTI tools. Learn more about Usage Overview, Impact Insights, and LTI Usage.
Student Success: Improve student engagement, retention, and success with proactive and actionable insights. Learn more about the Student Overview dashboard and the Students in Need of Attention data.
Course Effectiveness: Understand how courses are built and used to improve the teaching and learning environment. Learn more about the Courses Overview dashboard and the Course Readiness report. 
Standards Proficiency: View aggregated performance data on standards-aligned assessments.
Assessment Results: View student performance on individual assessments. You can view Formative Assessments, Benchmark Assessments, or State & National Assessments. 
Data Access: Access your organization's interactive data for data mining, research, and analysis. Data access includes Canvas Data 2 services, DAP CLI & Client Library, and DAP Query API.
Notes: 
Analytics are based on your purchases, account settings, and your individual user role permissions.
Intelligent Insights is a paid product offering that uses AI and analytics to provide self-service analytics. It gives you access to Ask Your Data, LTI Usage, Course Readiness, and Students in Need of Attention. To learn more, contact your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
View Analytics Hub Offerings
Optional analytics may display the Upgrade Feature label. If your institution has not yet purchased an upgrade feature, you can find out more about the feature by clicking the Learn More link.
To view only analytics you currently have access to, click the Hide Highlighted Opportunities link.
Note: To purchase upgrade features, contact your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
View Area Card
Each area card includes a title, a description, and sub-area links.
OpenAnalytics
To view an area of analytics, click the sub-area link.How do I use the Canvas App Center in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Center
The App Center shows all apps available in your account. You can also filter by installed and not installed, or use the search field to locate a specific app. 
View App
To view a quick description of an app, hover over the app. To view all details, click the app. 
View App Details
On the details page, you can view a description of the app. When you are ready to install the app with the proper credentials, you can add the app as a tool for your course.
Note: The Canvas App Center does not always contain all the information about an app. You may want to visit the Edu App Center for complete information about the external app you want to configure.
Manage App List
To manage your Edu App Center whitelist in Canvas, click the Manage App List button. The access token syncs the External Apps list at both the account and course levels to only show allowed apps from the Edu App Center set up for the organization. 
View App Configurations
To view existing apps and configurations in your course, click the View App Configurations button.
Manage Apps
To view configurations for an external app, click the app's Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To view placements for the app, click the Placements link. To Delete the app, click the Delete link.
To add an external app to the Rich Content Editor toolbar, click the Add to RCE toolbar toggle.
Note: At the course level, any apps added at the account level display a lock icon and cannot be edited. 
View App Placements
App Placements shows the places in Canvas where your app can be used, including navigation menus, LTI assignments, Rich Content Editor buttons, and module links. You can manage external app placements for your account.
Note: You may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.When would I use the Course Import Tool
When would I use the Course Import Tool?
You can use the Course Import Tool to:
Copy course content from term to term, including Announcements and Discussions. You can adjust the events and due dates to coordinate with your current term.
Select specific content you want copied. You can select individual Assignments, Pages, Files, and anything else from previous courses you or your colleagues have taught. The Course Import Tool supports keyboard navigation when selecting content to import. 
Import course materials from different Learning Management Systems. The Course Import Tool does not import user content.
Note: Importing a course more than once may have unintended consequences. If you import content into a new course, edit the content in the new course, and later import the previous content again, the imported content will override the existing content.
How do I use the Course Import Tool?
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Import Tool
Click the Import Course Content button.
Note: You can also open the Course Import Tool from Course Navigation by clicking the Home link, then clicking the Import Existing Content button. 
Choose Import Source
The Course Import Tool allows you to do any of the following:
Import all content or choose specific content to copy from another Canvas course
Import a Canvas Course Export Package (courses that were previously exported from Canvas)
Import a ZIP file of assignments, files, course content, etc. into an existing folder
Import an Angel export ZIP format 
Import a Blackboard 6/7/8/9 export ZIP file
Import a Blackboard Vista/CE, Web CT 6+ Course
Import a Common Cartridge 1.0/1.1/1.2 package
Import a Desire2Learn (D2L) export ZIP format 
Import a Moodle 1.9/2.x ZIP file
Import a QTI ZIP file
Import Content
When importing content, the tool allows you to import all content or select specific content. This feature is useful for institutions or instructors who only want to copy specific elements of a course, such as assignments or modules. 
The following behaviors currently apply to Canvas copies or imports: 
Draft State settings are retained in course imports. If an assignment is unpublished in a course when it was copied or exported, the assignment will also be unpublished in the content import. 
Mastery Paths conditional items are not retained in course imports, and paths must be re-created after the import is completed.
Copying content retains any links or files associated with the content, such as in an assignment. 
When selecting assignments only, Canvas imports all assessment items within the Assignments page (including any associated quizzes and discussions). Assignments will remain in their assignment groups if an entire assignment group or all assignments are imported.
SCORM content is included in course copies. SCORM content should only be copied within accounts that use the same key and secret configuration.
When manually copying a course, the user who copies the course will automatically be added to the course with an instructor role.
When selecting specific content and only importing a New Quiz with stimulus questions, the images associated with the stimulus question do not automatically import and need to be selected for import at the same time.
Import Limitations
The following behaviors also apply to Canvas copies or imports: 
Group sets do not copy as part of the import. Any existing group sets in the new course will be linked to the group set with the same name. However, if there are no group sets with the same name in the new course, the assignment will be linked to a new Project Groups set. 
Importing specific content from a Canvas course export package does not retain images and linked files in the content, such as in an assignment, page, or discussion. 
When selecting individual assignments, assignments are placed in an assignment group called Imported Assignments. However, assignments can be moved into other assignment groups as necessary.
Enrollment-related data, which includes course users, collaborations, conferences, groups, and sections, and feature option settings are not included in course content imports.
Announcements and Discussions do not retain the name of the user who originally created the course content. Additionally, students do not receive announcement notifications for imported announcements. However, a badge indicating a new announcement displays on the Card View and Recent Activity Dashboards.
Assignments with a manual grade posting policy and anonymous assignments retain the manual grade posting policy and their anonymous settings as part of the course import. 
Calendar item locations (e.g., office hours slots with an assigned office location) are not included in course imports.
Adjust Events and Due Dates
In addition to recreating the structure and content of the course, the Course Import Tool can adjust events and due dates to the new date ranges of the new term. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
View Current and Prior Imports
Once you have started an import, the Current Jobs menu displays the job status of any imports in process, as well as any prior import history.How do I use Roll Call Attendance badges in a course as an instructor
Open Attendance
In Course Navigation, click the Attendance link.
View More Options
Badges can be added and managed in any student's attendance information profile.
In List View, click the More tab next to a student's name.
In Class View, click the name of the student.
View Badges
Any existing badges appear as buttons below the student's attendance information. All available and created badges are created for the entire course and will be shown for each student. 
Add Badge
To add a new badge, click the Add Badge link. 
Save Badge
Create a name for your badge, assign an icon, and choose a color to highlight the background when the badge is assigned. Click the Save Badge button.
Manage Badges
To edit any existing badge you created for your course, click the Manage badges link.
Note: When managing or editing badges, any changes made will affect the entire course, not an individual student. Additionally, you cannot manage any badges created at the account level.
To change the badge name, icon, or color, click the badge name. 
To delete a badge, click the Delete button. Deleting a badge will delete the badge for the entire course and all students.
Assign Badge
When you want to assign a badge, make sure you are viewing the profile for the specific student who should receive a badge.
To assign a badge, click the name of a badge. The badge will highlight with the set badge color. To remove a badge, click the badge again. How do I manage the Permissions page as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Permissions
In Account Navigation, click the Permissions link. 
View Permissions
By default, the permissions page displays course-level user role permissions. 
To view account-level user role permissions, click the Account Roles tab.
Search and Filter Permissions
To search for a specific permission, type a permission name in the Search field. The search field uses predictive filtering. 
You can also filter permissions by role. By default, the Permissions page displays all user roles. To filter permissions for a specific user role, type or select the name of the user role from the Permission Role Filter menu.
You can use the search and filter options to search permissions for specific user roles. 
View Individual Permission
To view information about a specific permission, click the permission name. 
View Additional Permission Details
The permission sidebar displays the permission name. 
View and collapse specific details about the permission by clicking the What it Does and Additional Considerations arrow icons. Please note some permissions may not include these details.
The sidebar also displays the Assigned Roles section, which shows all enabled roles for the permission, and the Unassigned Roles section, which shows all disabled roles for the permission.
Manage Individual Permission
To manage user roles for the permission, click the icon next to the name of a user role. In the permission menu, the existing permission is indicated by a check mark.
Choose the new permission status by clicking one of the permission options: Enable or Disable. After you enable or disable the permission, you can choose to lock the permission status. To lock the permission status, click the Lock option. Locked options keep the setting from being changed by subaccount admins in a lower account. The new permission status is saved automatically.
Note:If a permission icon does not display as opaque, you cannot change the permission.
View Grouped Permissions
Some permissions may be grouped together to allow for greater granularity and control over permissions.
Grouped permissions list the grouped permissions below the grouped permission name.
To expand grouped permissions, click the Expand icon.
Manage Grouped Permissions
You can manage each granular permission within the group with the corresponding checkboxes. To enable or disable a granular permission, click the checkbox. A checked box indicates the permission is enabled. An unchecked box indicates the permission is disabled.
If all permissions are enabled for a user role, the permission group displays a checkmark icon.
If some permissions are enabled and some are disabled for a user role, the permission group displays a half-filled icon.
If all permissions are disabled for a user role, the permission group displays an X icon.
View and Manage Individual User Role Permissions
To view all permissions assigned to a specific role, click the role name. You can manage permissions for account-level roles and manage permissions for course-level roles. 
To add an account-level role or add a course-level role, view the tab for the appropriate role and click the Add Role button.How do I manage settings for a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quiz
To manage settings for a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open the Build page, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
To create a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button.
Open Settings
Click the Settings tab.
View Warning Message
If students have already submitted the quiz, a warning message will appear on the Delivery Settings page.
Shuffle Questions
To shuffle the order questions are displayed to students, click the Shuffle Questions button. If this setting is turned off, questions will display in the order you designate in the quiz.
Note: Item bank questions that have been added in a group will continue to be randomized within that group whether this setting is turned on or off.
Shuffle Answers
To shuffle the order answers are displayed to students for multiple choice, multiple answer, and matching quiz questions, click the Shuffle Answers button. If this setting is turned off, answers will display in the order you designate in the quiz questions.
Note: Shuffling answers does not guarantee the order is displayed differently to every student. Some students will receive the same answer order, depending on the number of answers for each question.
Display One Question at a Time
To display one question at a time to students, click the One Question at A Time button. To allow students to backtrack to previous questions in a quiz, click the Allow Backtracking checkbox. Allow Backtracking is enabled by default.
Require Student Access Code
To require students to enter an access code to take a quiz, click the Require a student access code button. Then enter the access code in the Password field. To view a masked access code, click the Show access code checkbox.
Set Time Limit
To set a time limit for a quiz, click the Time Limit button. Then enter the time limit using the Hours and Minutes fields.
Note: In progress quizzes automatically submit when the Availability date and time passes, even if there is time remaining.
Filter IP Addresses
To filter IP addresses for the quiz, click the Filter IP Addresses button. Then enter the allowed IP ranges using the Allowed IP range fields. To add multiple IP ranges, click the Add Allowed range link.
Allow On-Screen Calculator
To enable an on-screen calculator for the entire quiz, click the Allow Calculator button. Select either the Basic or Scientific calculator option. The Basic calculator only displays numbers and basic mathematical functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The Scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Allow Clearing Selection for Multiple Choice Questions
To allow students to clear a multiple choice answer, click the Allow clearing selection (Multiple Choice) button. If this setting is turned on, students can clear their answer to a multiple choice question after they've made a selection and leave the question unanswered. 
Allow Multiple Attempts
To allow multiple attempts for a quiz, click the Allow multiple attempts button. To assign which score to keep for student grades, select the option in the Score to keep drop-down menu. You can choose to keep the highest score, average score, latest score, or first score.
Note: The Late Submission Policy is not supported when using multiple attempts in New Quizzes.
Set Limited Attempts
By default, students will be allowed unlimited attempts when the Allow multiple attempts option is enabled. To set a limited number of attempts, select the Limited option. Then select the number of attempts you want to allow.
Set Waiting Period
To set a waiting period between attempts, click the Require time between attempts checkbox. Then select the days, hours, and minutes to require students to wait before they can begin a new attempt.
Build on Last Attempt
To allow students to build on their last attempt by letting them reattempt incorrectly answered questions, click the Enable build on last attempt checkbox.
Hide Student Results
To restrict students from viewing quiz results, click the Restrict student result view button. 
Note: Students can still see their quiz grades in the Gradebook when the Restrict student result view option is enabled. To completely hide grades from students, you need to enable a Manual posting policy in the Gradebook.How do I view my student's grades in a current course as an observer
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Grades
From the grades page you can select the Course for which you want to view grades. By default, grades are sorted chronologically by assignment due date. In the Arrange by menu, you can also sort by module, assignment name, or assignment group. To see the specified grades, click the Apply button. Assignments that are not part of a module will be shown at the end of the assignments list in alphabetical order. However, if modules or assignment groups aren't used in your student's course, they won't be included as sorting options.
You can view the name of the assignment, the assignment due date, the assignment submission date, the assignment status, the score your student earned, and the total point value of the assignment. You may also be able to view whether the assignment includes scoring details, comments, or rubrics.
You may see various grade icons in the score column indicating the type of assignment your student submitted. These assignments have not been graded by your student's teacher. Once the assignment is graded, the icon will be replaced by your student's score.
To print your student's grades, click the Print Grades button.
View Grading Periods
If grading periods are enabled in your student's course, you can view your student's grades according to grading period. By default the Grades page displays the current grading period. If an assignment does not include a due date, it displays as a part of the last grading period. To view grades for another course, click the Course drop-down menu. To see the specified grading period and course, click the Apply button.
If your student's course includes weighted assignment groups, assignment groups may vary in the sidebar depending on which grading period you are viewing. An assignment group displays if the group has at least one assignment due in the selected grading period. 
When grading periods are weighted and you select the All Grading Periods option, the sidebar displays the weights of each grading period.
View Late Assignment
Your student's teacher may enforce an automatic late policy in the course. Any assignments that are submitted after the due date are marked as late. The late policy automatically deducts a percentage of the grade from the total score. Late assignments display the Late icon in the Status column of the grades page. To view submission details for a late assignment, click the submission name.
View Late Submission
The Submission Details page displays your student's grade, the amount deducted for the late penalty, and the final grade.
View Comments
If there are comments in your assignment, the assignment displays a comment icon. To view comments, click the icon. Comments will be organized chronologically. To close comments, click the Close link.
View Rubric
An assignment may also include a Rubric icon, which means the assignment included a rubric for grading purposes. To view your results, click the icon. View your student's score based on the rubric. To close the rubric, click the Close Rubric link.
Note: The total rubric score may be restricted by your student's teacher.
View Assignment Groups
The Grades page will list the assignment groups included in your course. Assignment groups allow instructors to organize assignments, discussions, and quizzes into groups and apply specific grading rules or weights to those groups. You can view the percentage score for each group and the points you've earned versus the total points possible.
Note: Assignment group percentages may be restricted by your instructor. 
View Sidebar
The grade summary shows your student's total grade and allows you to show or hide all scoring details, comments, and rubrics shown in the Grades page.
Depending on the grade calculation for your student's course, your student's total grade may display as a point value or as a percentage. 
Note: Your student's teacher may restrict you from viewing your student's total grade.
View Current and Total Grades
The current grade is calculated by adding up the graded assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme. This grade is calculated with the Calculate based only on graded assignments checkbox selected in the sidebar.
The total grade is calculated by adding all the assignments according to their weight in the course grading scheme (both graded and ungraded assignments). To view the total grade, deselect the sidebar checkbox. The grade at the top of the sidebar reflects your student's total grade.
Note: If your student's teacher has restricted you from viewing the current and/or total grades, selecting or deselecting the sidebar checkbox still affects individual assignments. You may be able to see small changes with assignment shading indicating that a grade may be dropped from the course.
View Percentage Grade Calculation
The sidebar shows the information about how your student's grades are calculated. 
If your student's assignment groups are weighted, the sidebar will show the breakdown of weighted assignment groups.
Assignment groups will always display as a percentage. If your student's teacher allows you to view total grades, you can see a breakdown in the points your student has earned versus the total points possible.
Note: Your student's teacher may restrict you from viewing your grade totals in assignment group percentages.
View Points Grade Calculation
If your student's course does not use assignment groups, your student's total grade can be displayed in points or percentage. If your student's total grade is displayed in points, you can view your student's overall grade percentage. Again, your student's teacher may restrict you from viewing your student's total grade. 
View Qualitative Grade Calculation
If your student's institution restricts viewing quantitative data, your student's total grade is displayed using a grading scheme, usually letter grades. Again, your student's instructor may restrict you from viewing your student's total grade. 
Change Gradebook
If you are observing a student in multiple courses, you can use the course drop-down menu to view grades in other courses.
If your student's Grades page shows Assignments and Learning Mastery headings, you can also view your student's standards-based scores in the Learning Mastery link.How do I create a Numerical Answer quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Numerical Answer question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Enter Question Details
Type your question into the Rich Content Editor. You can also use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities. 
Enter Numerical Answers
In the answer drop-down menu, select one of three answer formats:
Exact answer: Enter the exact answer with the exact error margin allowed. For example, if the answer were 2.12 with a 0.01 margin of error, the quiz accepts any response between 2.11 and 2.13 (inclusively). By default, the margin is 0.
Answer in the Range: Enter the range of answers that can be accepted as correct, such as answers between 8 and 10.
Answer with Precision: Enter the answer with the precision number. The precision number is how many digits are expected in the answer. Precision answers can be negative numbers and may include trailing zeroes. However, student responses will be marked as correct if they omit the trailing zeroes, as long as all preceding digits are correct.
By default, the precision number is 10, but answers can be rounded to a precision of up to 16 in standard or exponential format (e.g. 1e+26). Answers are accepted with or without the e exponent and are formatted according to the configured precision. Any numerical entries past 16 are truncated for grading and comparison. If any of the potential answers to a numerical question are a precision answer, then the student answer fields will accept precision answers.
If none of the possible answers are precision answers, the student answer fields round to four decimal places.
To delete an answer, click the Deleteicon. To add another answer, click the Add Another Answerlink.
Enter Feedback Text
You can choose to give students feedback in the answer comments fields. To leave feedback for a specific answer, click the comment field beneath the answer. 
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Students who select the correct answer will see the feedback in the green comment field. Students who select any incorrect answer will see the feedback in the red comment field. All students will see the feedback in the blue comment field.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students. 
Each text box can be expanded in size by clicking and dragging the handle at the bottom-right of the text box.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Numerical Answer Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Numerical Answer question in a quiz.
Student View for Numerical Answer Correct Answer
If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see correct responses in gray. If the answer was correct, the student will see a green flag indicating the answer was correct.
Student View for Numerical Answer Incorrect Answer
If you allow students to see the correct answers, they will see correct responses and allowable margin error. If the answer was incorrect, the student will see a red flag indicating the answer was incorrect.How do I move course outcomes and outcome groups in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Move Outcome Group
Select Outcome Group
To move an outcome group, click the name of the group.
Open Move Window
Click the Options icon. Then click the Move link.
Move Outcome Group
You can move the outcome group so it is organized within another outcome group.
To move your outcome group within another outcome group, click the name of the group in which you'd like to move the group.. To move your outcome group into a new outcome group, click the Create New Group link.
If your outcome group is already organized within another outcome group, you can move your group to the course level by clicking the name of the course.
To move your outcome group, click the Move button.
Move Outcome
Select Outcome
To move an outcome, click the outcome group where the outcome belongs. Then find the outcome you want to move.
Click the Options icon for the outcome. Then click the Move link.
Move Multiple Outcomes
To move multiple outcomes, click the checkboxes next to the outcomes you want to move. 
The Outcomes page displays the number of outcomes you have selected. To view the names of the selected outcomes, click the # Outcomes Selected link. You can select outcomes from multiple outcome groups without losing previously selected outcomes.
To move your selected outcomes, click the Move button.
Select Location
You can move outcomes so they are organized within an outcome group.
To select the outcome group where you want to move your outcome(s), click the name of the group. To move your outcome{s} into a new outcome group, click the Create New Group link.
If your outcomes are already organized within an outcome group, you can move outcomes to the course level by clicking the name of the course.
To move your outcome(s), click the Move button.
Note: You may need to click the Back link to view course outcome groups.How do I subscribe to a discussion in Discussions Redesign as a student
View Discussion Notification Settings
In Notification Settings, you can change the method and frequency of subscribed discussion posts. 
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, open the Discussions link.
Subscribe on Discussions Index Page
You can subscribe to an entire discussion from the Discussions page. Locate the discussion you want to subscribe to and click the Subscribe icon. 
The Subscribe icon will display solid green when you are subscribed.
Unsubscribe on Discussions Index Page
To unsubscribe from a discussion, locate the discussion you want to unsubscribe from and click the Subscribe icon. 
The Subscribe icon will display as an outline when you are unsubscribed.
Subscribe within Discussion
You can also subscribe within a discussion. Click the title of the discussion you want to subscribe to.
Subscribe to Discussion
Click the Subscribe icon. 
The Subscribe icon will display solid green when you are subscribed to the discussion topic.
Unsubscribe from Discussion
To unsubscribe from a discussion, open the discussion and click the green Subscribed icon. 
The Subscribed icon will display as a black outline when you are unsubscribed from a discussion topic.How do I use the HTML view in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open HTML Editor
Click the HTML editor icon.
Note: When in HTML view, you can click the same icon to return to the Rich Content Editor.
Edit HTML Content
The HTML editor displays the pretty HTML editor by default. The pretty HTML editor displays line numbers and syntax highlighting.
Enter content in the HTML editor or edit existing content using HTML.
View Raw HTML Editor
To switch to the Raw HTML Editor and edit your HTML in plain text, click the Switch to raw HTML Editor button.
Edit Raw HTML
Edit your HTML in plain text without line numbers or syntax highlighting. To switch back to the Pretty HTML Editor, click the Switch to pretty HTML Editor button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.How do I embed an image in a discussion reply as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion title.
Write Reply
Create a new discussion entry by clicking the Reply text field.
Add Image from Toolbar
To add an image from the toolbar, click the Image icon.
You can also upload an image from the image options menu. To view additional image options, click the Image Options arrow. To upload new images from your computer or a URL, select the Upload Image option, or to embed images from your user files, select the User Images option.
Note: To view the Image icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Add Image from Menubar
You can also add an image using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload an image using the menubar, click the Insert menu, and select the Image option. To upload new images from your computer or a URL, select the Upload Image option, or to embed images from your user files, select the User Images option.
Upload Image from Computer
By default, the Image Upload Tool displays the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop an image file to the image uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Note: Images uploaded from your computer using the image upload tool are added to your user files.
Select File
Select the image file and click the Open button.
Learn about supported image file types.
View Selected File
The uploader displays the image file name and an image preview. To remove the image, click the Delete icon. 
Embed Image from URL
To embed an image using a URL, click the URL tab. 
Enter the URL in the File URL field. 
Manage Usage Rights
If required by your institution, you will need to select usage right settings for your image.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of the five usage right options:
I hold the copyright: original content created by you
I have obtained permission to use this file: authorized permission by the author
The material is in the public domain: explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws: excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education
The material is licensed under Creative Commons: this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Manage Image Attributes
To add Alt Text to your image, type an alternative text description or text tags in the Alt Text field. By default, the Alt Text field displays the image file name. Alt text is read by screen readers, and it displays when an embedded image cannot display.
If the image is decorative and does not require alt text, click the Decorative Image checkbox.
By default, the Embed Image display option is selected for embedded images.
To display the image file link, select the Display Text Link display option. The file link will replace the image in the Rich Content Editor.
Embed Image
To embed your selected image, click the Submit button.
Note: The image flashes before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Image
View your uploaded image in the Rich Content Editor. You can also add or modify alt text tags and manage the image display options. 
Post Reply
Click the Post Reply button.
View Discussion Reply
View your discussion reply.How do I act as another user in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Act as User
Click the Act as User link.
Proceed as User
The Act as User page confirms the user's information. If the user has multiple login credentials, all login IDs are displayed for additional user verification. Click the Proceed button.
View Canvas as User
While you are acting like the user you will see what the user sees, but the audit reports will show that you performed those tasks and not the actual user. You will know that you are acting as a user by the information box at the bottom of the screen that says You are currently acting as [User].
Stop Acting as User
When you are finished acting as the user, click the Stop Acting as User button. How do I send a message to a user in a course in the Inbox as a student
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
Click the Compose icon.
Select Course
In the Course drop-down menu, select the course where you want to send your message. 
Add User
Search for the user in the To field. Alternatively, you can locate and select a user by clicking the Course Roster button.
Search for User
To search for a user, type the user's name in the To field. Select the user's name from the list.
Add Multiple Users
To send a message to multiple users, add names of the users in the To field.
You can send an individual message to each recipient by clicking the Send an individual message to each recipient checkbox.
Use Address Book
To add a user from the course roster, click the Address Book button. Select the role of the user you'd like to add. Then select the user's name. Names are listed in alphabetical order by last name. 
To add multiple users to your message, press the command key (Mac) or the control key (Windows) and click the name of the applicable users.
To navigate back to the course roster, click the Back option.
Send Message
In the subject line field, enter a subject line for your message.
If you are sending your message to multiple users, but you do not want each user to see who else was included in the message, click the Send an individual message to each recipient checkbox. If your message includes over 100 recipients (including you as the sender), this checkbox will be selected by default.
In the message field, type your message. All content is sent in plain text. URLs included in a message automatically become clickable links after the message is sent. 
To include an attachment or media file, click the Attachment or Media File buttons.
When you are finished, click the Send button.How do I view grades in the Card View Dashboard as an instructor
Open Grades
In the Dashboard sidebar, click the View Grades button. 
View Courses
The Courses I'm Teaching heading show the name of each course and the current overall grade average, which displays the number of students who are part of the average score. If no grades have been assigned, the grade appears as no grade. 
To view grading details in the Gradebook, click the name of the course. 
To view interactions with your students and student activity in the course, click the Student Interactions Report link. 
Note: You can also access the Student Interactions Report from the People page in a specific course.How do I view practice quiz results in a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link. 
Open Practice Quiz
Click the title of the Practice Quiz you want to open. 
Show Student Quiz Results
Click the Options icon, then click the Show Student Quiz Results link.
Select Student Quiz Result
Under Students who have taken the quiz heading, click the name of a student. You can also see a list of students who haven't taken the practice quiz. The warning icon indicates a submission that needs review.
Open Quiz Statistics
In the Practice Quiz, you can also view Quiz Statistics by clicking the Quiz Statistics link. 
View Quiz Statistics
View statistics for each quiz question. You can view an entire summary that shows all score percentages. The summary also shows the quiz average score, high score, low score, standard deviation (how far the values are spread across the entire score range), and average time of completion. Click here to learn more about quiz statistics. 
View Analysis Reports
You can also download quiz results by clicking the Student Analysis or Item Analysis links. Click here to learn more about quiz analysis. 
Note: By default, the submitted time in the Student Analysis report is shown in UTC, not your set time zone.How do I restrict student access before or after a course date at the account level as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View Restriction Options
In the Account Settings tab, locate the course restriction options.
By default, student access checkboxes are not selected, meaning in all sub-accounts and courses students can view a link to any enrolled future course (after they accept their course invitation) or a concluded course. Additionally by default, the lock checkboxes are not selected, meaning sub-account admins and teachers can override this setting for a sub-account or course. 
To retain these defaults for the entire institution, do not select any checkboxes. 
Notes:
The student restriction checkboxes set a preset for all new courses created in the account, as well as section override dates.
The lock settings apply immediately to all existing courses and section override dates in the account.
Restrict Students Before Start Date
To set a default for the entire account so that students cannot view a link to the course before the start date, click the Restrict students from accessing courses before start date checkbox. When selected, the course is inaccessible before the course start date. If course participation dates are set to follow term dates, the course start date applies the term start date.
If you want to lock the default setting for sub-accounts and courses and apply the change immediately, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. 
Allow Student Access Before Start Date
To set a default for the entire account so that students can view a link to the course before the start date, do not select the Restrict students from accessing courses before start date checkbox, but select the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. 
Restrict Course in Enrollments List
When you restrict students from accessing courses before the start date, you can also restrict students from viewing future courses in the Enrollments list.
If you don't want students to see they have been enrolled in a future course, select the Restrict students from viewing future courses in enrollments list checkbox. 
If you want to lock the default setting for sub-accounts and apply the change immediately, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts checkbox.
Restrict Students After End Date
To set a default for the entire account so that students cannot access the course after the course end date, click the Restrict students from viewing courses after end date checkbox. When selected, the course is inaccessible after the course end date. If course participation dates are set to follow term dates, the course end date applies the term end date.
If you want to lock the default setting for sub-accounts and courses and apply the change immediately, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox.
Allow Student Access After End Date
To set a default for the entire account so that students can access the course after the course end date, do not select the Restrict students from accessing courses after end date checkbox, but select the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. 
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I use Chrome's speech recognition feature to leave a comment in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz. You can also open SpeedGrader from the Gradebook.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Open Speech Recognition
In the Assignment Comments area, click the Speech Recognition comment icon.
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
Record Comment
Click the Record button.
The dialog box indicates that the feature is recording your comments, and text box will convert your speech to text in real time. 
If you want to re-record the converted text, click the Cancel button. Otherwise, apply the recorded text in SpeedGrader by clicking the Stop button. 
Submit Comment
If necessary, modify your text in the comment box. Then click the Submit button.
Learn more about leaving feedback comments in SpeedGrader.How do I view all groups in a course as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Note: If your instructor has disabled the People link in Course Navigation, you can only view groups you are enrolled in.
Open Groups
Click the Groups tab.
Or, to open your groups from the Options menu, click the Options icon and then click the View User Groups link.
View Course Groups
View the groups available in your course. Each group shows the name of the group and how many members are part of that group. 
If there are any self sign-up groups available to join, you can join the group by clicking the Join button, or you can switch groups within a group set by clicking the Switch To button. 
If you are already part of a self sign-up group, you can leave the group by clicking the Leave button.
Note: You cannot leave groups that are not self sign-up groups.
View Student Leader Groups
If you have been invited to be a student leader and manage a group, the Manage link displays. 
View Visit Group
If you are a current group member, the Visit link displays. To access the group's Home page and the Group Navigation menu, visit the group.
View Group Members
To view which students are assigned to the group, click anywhere in the group. The names of the students display in an expanded list. 
The Person icon displays next to the student group leader.How do I mark discussion replies as read or unread in Discussion Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion you want to view.
View Posts
The unread icon indicates a reply is new or unread. After you view a discussion reply, the unread icon no longer displays.
Mark Post as Unread
To change a read post to unread, click the Options icon, then select the Mark as Unread option.
Verify Post as Unread
View the post now marked as unread.
Mark Post as Read
To change an unread post to read, click the Options icon, then select the Mark as Read option.
Verify Post as Read
View the post now marked as read.
Note: If a post's state is manually changed, the post will not change states (become read or unread) unless you manually change it again.How do I copy a quiz to another course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz Options
Locate the quiz you wish to copy, then click the quiz Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Enter the name of a course or course code in the Select a Course field. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the quiz.
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. Quizzes cannot be copied to a concluded course.
View Copy To Content Warning Message
When copying content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Select Location
If you wish, you can copy the quiz into a specific module and location within a course. 
Click or type a module name in the Select a Module field. Then select the module for the copied quiz.
To select a location within the module, click the Place drop-down menu. You can select to copy the quiz to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module. 
Copy Quiz
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when a quiz copies successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Quiz
Copied quizzes display on the Quizzes Index Page for the course into which it copied. How do I use the People page in a course as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
View People
In People, students can:
View all the users participating in the course, including the ones whose course enrollment is pending.
Use the search bar to find a specific person.
Use the drop-down menu to filter users by role. The filter will also display the number of users in each type of role [e.g. student, TA]. 
Use the Options drop-down menu to view user groups or registered services in the course.
Search Users
To search for a specific user, start to type the user's name in the search field. Possible results will be listed below.
Filter Users by Role
Use the Roles drop-down menu to view the number of users for each role type. 
View User
To learn more about a specific user in the course, click the user's name. 
Clicking your own name provides access to your grades. You may also be able to view your own course analytics. 
View User Details
You can view any details the user has included. You can also send a message directly to the user.
If your institution supports the Profiles feature, the page displays slightly differently. You can view the user's profile information, if any.
Report Profile Picture
If your institution supports profile pictures and the user's profile picture is inappropriate, you can report the image to your institution by clicking the Report inappropriate picture link.
If your institution supports the Profiles feature, you can report the image by hovering over the picture and clicking the Flag icon.
View User Groups
To view User Groups, click the Groups tab.
You can also access your User Groups in the Settings menu. Click the Options icon, and click the View User Groups link.
View Registered Services
To view the registered services for each person in the course, click the Options icon, and click the View Registered Services link. If a person has registered a social media account in Canvas, you can see that service listed and communicate with that person through any social media site they have registered. Learn how to connect to web services in Canvas.How do I view annotation feedback comments from my instructor directly in my assignment submission as a student
00:00:How do I view annotation feedback comments from my instructor directly in my assignments submission?
00:06:In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
00:10:Click the title of an assignment.
00:13:Click the View Feedback link. The View Feedback link displays an indicator if annotated comments have been added to a supported assignment.
00:22:View the annotated comments from your instructor.
00:25:To reply to a comment, click on the comment and click the Reply button.
00:30:When an annotated comment includes multiple content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link.
00:37:To expand a comment, click the ellipses link. To view stacked replies, click the comment to expand all replies.
00:45:To view comments in an expanded view, click the Full Screen icon. You can also use DocViewer to make your own annotations on your assignment.
00:54:To download a PDF of the submission and annotations, click the Download icon.
01:00:This guide covered how to view annotation feedback comments from the instructor directly in a assignment submission.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Assignment Details
Click the title of an assignment. 
View Feedback
Click the View Feedback link. The View Feedback link displays an indicator if annotated comments have been added to a supported assignment.
Notes: 
If the assignment attachment displays a Preview button, your file is not DocViewer compatible.
If your assignment looks different than what is displayed in this lesson, your instructor may be using Assignment Enhancement in your course. Learn how to find feedback from your instructor in Assignment Enhancements.
View Annotated Comments
View the annotated comments from your instructor.
To reply to a comment, click on the comment and click the Reply button.
When an annotated comment includes multiple content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link. To expand a comment, click the ellipses link.
To view stacked replies, click the comment to expand all replies.
To view comments in an expanded view, click the Full Screen icon.
You can also use DocViewer to make your annotations on your assignment.
Download File
To download a PDF of the submission and annotations, click the Download icon. How do I set a default grade for an assignment in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Menu
Hover over the assignment column header and click the Options icon.
Set Default Grade
Click the Set Default Grade link.
Create Default Grades
Type the default grade value in the Grade Value field. If you would like to overwrite existing grades for the assignment, select the Overwrite already-entered grades checkbox.
Click the Set Default Grade button. 
Notes: 
If the Grade Value field is left empty and the Overwrite already-entered grades checkbox is checked, all assignment grades will be removed.
A default grade will be assigned to students regardless of submission status.
To have all assignments default grade set as missing type mi into the grade value field.
Verify Default Grades
Click the OK button.
View New Grades
Default grades are automatically entered for all students who do not have a grade. Grades can be changed by clicking the default grade and typing in an updated score.How do I leave feedback comments for student submissions in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Select Submission
If a student has submitted multiple attempts for the assignment, you can select which submission to view and add feedback. To select a submission, click the Submission to view drop-down menu and select a submission. Submissions are ordered by date submitted.
View Comments Area
In the Assignment Comments section, you can post feedback comments to the student. Any comments that have been made by the student also display in this section.
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
Add Text Comment
To add a comment to the assignment, enter text in the Add a Comment field. 
To use a comment from the Comment Library, click the Comment Library icon. 
To expand the size of the comment field, click and drag the corner of the text box.
Add File Comment
To attach a file to the comment, click the Attach icon.
Add Media Comment
To record a webcam video, screen capture, audio comment, or to upload a media file, click the Media icon.
Use Chrome Speech Recognition
If you are using Google Chrome, you can use the speech recognition tool to leave comments.
Add Emoji
If enabled by your institution, you can add emojis to submission comments.
To select an emoji, click the Emoji icon.
To use a recently used emoji, click the emoji from the recently used menu. 
Manage Group Assignment Comments
Individually graded group assignments include commenting options. To send your comment to one student in a group, select Send comment to this student only. To send your comment to the whole group, select Send comment to the whole group.
Comments on group submissions that are not graded individually are sent to each member of the group.
You can learn more about grading group assignments.
Note: A student may be unable to view group assignment comments if they are not assigned to a group and if the assignment is not set to grade students individually. However, students can view those comments on the Grades page.
View Unposted Comment Warning
When you create a text, media, or audio comment and try to advance to the next student or a previous student for the assignment, you are notified that the comment has been created but not posted. 
To save the comment as a draft for the submission, click the Proceed button.
You can choose to not be notified for comments that have not been posted by clicking the Do not show again for this assignment checkbox.
Notes:
The option to not show the warning applies on a per-assignment basis. Viewing another assignment and navigating between students before posting a comment also displays the warning.
The option is also stored on a per-browser basis, so viewing an assignment in a different browser also displays the warning.
View Draft Comment
After navigating away from the SpeedGrader page and saving a comment as a draft, you can return to the submission at any time and submit or delete the comment. 
Note: Students cannot view a draft comment until you submit the comment.
Submit Comment
Click the Submit button.
View Comment
Comments are organized chronologically with the older comments appearing near the top and the newer comments appearing at the bottom.
Note: Depending on the size of your browser window, comments within the SpeedGrader comment field may appear to be limited. You can use the scrollbar within the field to view additional or longer comments. How do I use the Microsoft Immersive Reader in a course as a student
Open Immersive Reader
When viewing pages, assignments, course home pages, and the syllabus in a course, click the Immersive Reader button. 
View Immersive Reader
The Microsoft Immersive Reader displays a variety of tools and options to enhance your reading experience.
You can manage text, grammar, and reading preferences using the toolbar. To expand the reader display, click the Full Screen button. 
To hear the page text read aloud, click the Play button. To adjust audio settings, click the Voice Settings button. 
To close the reader and return to Canvas, click the Exit button.
Note: For more details about the Microsoft Immersive Reader functionality, visit the Microsoft Immersive Reader website.How do I create a Microsoft Office 365 collaboration as a student
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Add Collaboration
To add a collaboration, click the Start a new collaboration button.
Note: If you do not have any existing collaborations, this button will not display in the Collaborations page.
Select Office 365
In the Collaborate using drop-down menu, select the Office 365 option.
Log in to Office 365
You may be asked to authenticate your account. Click the Log In button. 
In an external window, enter your Office 365 email (or phone number) and password.
Select Type
In the Type drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can select Word, Excel, or PowerPoint.
Add Details
In the Document Name field, enter the name of your document.
In the Description field, enter a description for the collaboration.
Add People
The collaboration defaults to the People tab. If you want to collaborate with individual people in your course, click the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. The user's name will move to the right side of the window.
Add as many users as necessary.
Note: Your instructor can view and access all collaborations added in the course, even if you do not add your instructor to the collaboration directly.
Remove Collaborators
To remove a collaborator, click the Remove icon. To remove all users, click the Remove All link.
Add Groups
You can also create collaborations with groups. To select an entire group, click the Groups tab. Select the group(s) you want to add to the collaboration.
Note: 
You can select individual users as well as a group in a collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration from groups.
Save Collaboration
Click the Save button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.What are Announcements
Open Course Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
View Announcements
Course announcements display on the Announcements Index page. To communicate with students about the logistics of a course, instructors can add an announcement. Instructors can format and add content to announcements using the Rich Content Editor features. Instructors can also use announcement options to allow others to reply/comment, enable podcast feeds, allow liking, and to specify a time frame for the announcement. 
As soon as an instructor creates an announcement, Canvas takes care of notifying students according to their preferred notification settings. There are also unread and read indicators next to the announcements.
Instructors have the option of feeding posts from a blog or other information sources directly into their Announcements page using RSS. RSS feeds can be filtered by keyword to prevent irrelevant content from entering the course. Students who use RSS readers can subscribe to course announcements outside of Canvas. 
Notes: 
You can use keyboard shortcuts to navigate individual announcements. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
If an announcement was imported using a course copy, the Course Import Tool, or a blueprint course, the profile picture displays the letter U in place of a user's profile picture. Additionally, copied announcements do not include a posted date and time.
When would I use Announcements?
As an instrutor, use Announcements to:
Remind your students what they need to accomplish to stay on track.
Point students to internal and external resources that will help them achieve course Outcomes.
Leave a message for the entire class with video or audio comments.
Celebrate student success and important events that may be of interest to your students.
Feed a custom RSS feed related to the topic of the course to your students. 
Automatically share blog posts written by your students on Wordpress, Blogger, etc. with custom RSS feeds.
As a student, you may be able to view and reply to course announcements. You may also be able to add announcements in a student group. 
Announcements Redesign
If enabled by your institution, Announcements Redesign provides an enhanced experience for course announcements.
An announcement displayed in the Announcements Redesign interface includes three sections: the announcement toolbar, announcement, and announcement replies.
You can use the toolbar to search for replies or specific authors, filter by all replies or unread replies, sort replies by newest or oldest, and return to the top of an announcement.How do I view an assignment in a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
View Assignments Index Page
In the Assignments Index page, you can view all the assignments in your course.
By default, assignments are grouped by overdue assignments, upcoming assignments, undated assignments, and past assignments.
Overdue Assignments: assignments and discussions that are past the due date, are still available, have not been submitted, and have not been graded.
Upcoming Assignments: assignments, discussions, and quizzes that have an upcoming due date.
Undated Assignments: assignments, discussions, and quizzes that do not have a due date.
Past Assignments: assignments and discussions that are past the due date and either are not available, have been submitted, or have received a grade; quizzes that are past the due date.
Each assignment also includes an icon with the assignment type: assignment, discussion, or quiz.
Note:The Assignments Index page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a list of keyboard shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Assignment Summary
Each assignment displays the assignment name, availability dates (if any), due date (if any), and points possible.
View Availability Dates
The first dates you may see are called availability dates. Sometimes your instructor only wants you to submit an assignment during a specified date range, so the available dates are the range of time that the assignment is accessible to you. 
If the assignment does not have a date listed, the assignment is open; you can submit the assignment at any time during your course. 
If the assignment says Available until [date], you can submit the assignment until the specified date. 
If the assignment says Not Available Until [date], the assignment is locked until the specified date.
If the assignment says Closed, the assignment cannot accept submissions. 
Note: If the listed date is set to 12 am the last day for the assignment to be submitted is the full day before the listed date. For instance, if an assignment is Available until December 15, you can access the assignment until December 14 at 11:59 pm. 
View Due Dates
An assignment may display a second date, which is the Due date. Any assignments submitted after the due date are marked as late; some instructors may deduct points for late submissions. Again, not all assignments may include a Due date. 
Due dates also include a time. If your instructor does not set a due time, the listed date displays the course's default due time.
You can still submit late assignments before the Available until date.
Please be aware that the Due date may be before or on the Available date. 
Filter Assignments
If your course includes Multiple Grading Periods, you can view assignments by grading period. You can search for an assignment by typing an assignment title or a keyword in the Search for assignment field.By default, assignments on the Assignments Index page display by due date. To view assignments by type (assignment, discussion, quiz), click the Type button.
Open Assignment
To view the details of an assignment, click the name of the assignment.
View Assignment
The Assignment Summary header displays the assignment title, due date,and points possible. Not all assignments may have a due date.
The Attempt drop-down allows you to view your submission attempts for the assignment. By default, the Attempt drop-down displays your most recent submission attempt. 
The Progress Tracker displays the assignment submission and grading status. 
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button. 
View the number of allowed attempts and availability dates. 
If your instructor added assignment instructions, they display in the Details section. 
If a rubric has been added to the assignment, the View Rubric section automatically expands to display the assignment rubric. 
If the assignment is accepting submissions, you can select a permitted submission type from the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If your assignment is part of a module, you can view the previous module item by clicking the Previous button and the next module item by clicking the Next button.
Assignment instructions can only be downloaded if your instructor has included a link to download them. You can also print the screen or copy and paste the directions into a word processing program. You can also view the assignment in the Canvas mobile app.
If the assignment allows multiple attempts and is within its set availability dates, you can resubmit the assignment.
View Assignment with Availability Dates
When you access an assignment during its set availability dates, you can view all available assignment information. Availability dates may include a first available date (open date), last available date (locked or closed), or both dates to create an overall date range. The Due date may be before or on the last available date (if one is set).
If you were to miss the assignment submission due date, you could still submit the assignment until the last available date. Once the last available date passes, you can no longer submit the assignment.
View Assignment with Limited Attempts
Your instructor may limit the number of submission attempts you are allotted for an assignment. If your assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view your submission attempts and the number of allowed submissions for the assignment. 
Once you have used all your submission attempts, the New Attempt button will disappear. 
View Locked Assignment
If an assignment is not within its set availability dates, you cannot view assignment details nor submit or resubmit work.
Locked assignments display locked icon and message. If your assignment is locked due to module prerequisites, you can view course modules by click the modules page link. 
View Assignment Score
If your assignment has been graded by your instructor, you can view the score for each attempt. If your assignment has been graded without a submission, you can view your offline score.How do I resize the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor. You can access the Rich Content Editor in Announcements, Assignments, Discussions, Pages, Quizzes, or Syllabus.
Resize Window
To resize the window manually, click and hold the Resize icon. Then drag the Rich Content Editor window to the desired size.
View in Fullscreen
To expand the Rich Content Editor to fullscreen view, click the Fullscreen icon. You can also click the View menu and select the Fullscreen option.
Exit Fullscreen
To exit fullscreen view, click the View menu and select the Fullscreen option. You can also exit fullscreen by pressing the Esc key on your keyboard.What is the Teacher Assistant role
Teacher Assistant Role Use
The main use of the Teacher Assistant role is to support a course instructor. Teacher assistants can create course materials, access and manage Canvas course materials, and engage with others enrolled in the course. For example, instructors sometimes use teacher assistants to grade assignments in courses with large student enrollments. 
Teacher assistant access to Canvas courses depends on the institution. Teacher assistants may have access to all past, current, and future courses. Alternately, Teacher assistants may only be enrolled in and granted access to individual courses. A teacher assistant may be enrolled in a course automatically by SIS import or manually by an instructor. 
Teacher Assistant Access in Canvas
An institution may modify some Teacher assistant course-level permissions. Teacher assistants have access to Canvas courses as outlined in the Canvas Instructor guide. 
Teacher Assistants can: 
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Create conferences and student collaborations 
Create and edit rubrics
Customize Course Navigation links 
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Manage assignments, quizzes, course files and pages, and all other course content 
Manage items in a course calendar, including Scheduler appointments 
Manually add students to a course
Send messages to other course users and to all members of a course
View a list of users in a course
View all student group pages for a course 
View and comment on student submissions
View and edit grades 
View and link to question banks
View course analytics
View course announcements and discussions
View usage reports for a course
Teacher Assistants cannot:
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Create, edit, and delete course sections
Create, edit, and delete student groups
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
Read SIS data
View grade audit trail
Teacher Assistant Limitations
Teacher assistants can only view content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Teacher assistants cannot submit work on behalf of students, nor can they submit final grades for students. What are the different case roles in the Field Admin Console
Requester
The Requester is the individual who first reports an issue and requires assistance. Under the Case Details tab, the Requester's information can be found under User's Name and User's Email.
Requesters can be modified by updating the Web Email field of a case.
Note: If a case is created without a value in the Web Email field, the email address displays as replace.me@example.com. This address indicates that the field should be updated as soon as possible.
Owner
The Owner is the individual who has responsibility for the case. Owners can transfer cases to other Field Admins or escalate them to the Instructure Support Team.
Contact
The Contact is the individual who facilitates communication with the Requester. In cases where the Field Admin is set as Owner, they hold both Owner and Contact roles. If that case is escalated to Instructure, the support agent is the Owner, but the Field Admin remains as the Contact. This arrangement allows the Field Admin to actively participate in the case while it is in the hands of the Support Team.
CC (Carbon Copy)
Carbon Copy (CC) is an individual who is added to a case to receive notifications on the progress of a specific case. Multiple individuals can be added as a CC but must be added on a case-by-case basis. CCs can be added to a case using the Add CC field within a case.
Notes: 
The email support@instructure.com cannot be added as a CC to a case.
If a case is created via email, anyone placed as a CC on the original email will be automatically added as a CC on the case.
Case Team
The Case Team includes Account contacts and Field Admins who will receive notifications for all cases within an account.How do I access Canvas using a mobile browser on my Android device
Open Mobile Browser
Tap the icon for your preferred mobile browser.
Note: Mobile browser options will vary per Android device.
Enter Canvas URL
Enter your institution's Canvas URL in the URL field.
Open Using Internet
If you already have the Canvas app installed on your device, a pop-up window will appear asking you whether you want to open Canvas using the Canvas app or the Internet.
Then you will need to tell your device how often to ask for this action:
To have your device never ask again and always open to your browser, select the Always button.
If you regularly use the Canvas app and only want to use your browser sparingly, tap the Just once button.
Log In to Canvas
Enter your Canvas login credentials in the email and password fields. Tap the Log In button.
View Canvas
You can interact with Canvas as you would on the regular web version of Canvas.How do I delete pages in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Delete Pages
Select the checkbox of the page or pages you want to delete. Then click the Delete button. 
Note: You will be unable to delete a page if it is used as the Front Page for your course.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm deletion of the selected pages, click the Delete button. How do I access the Canvas test environment as an instructor
Access Your Test Environment
To log into your test environment, type [organization name].test.instructure.com into the URL field. 
View Test Installation Message
Users in the test environment will see the Test Installation bar across the bottom of the screen indicating the user is in a Canvas Test Installation. Test environments are reset every month after the production release, and any changes you make in your test environment will be reset. If you want to save any course content created in your test environment, you can export your course. 
Note: To hide the Test Installation bar, click the close icon.
Manage Canvas Features
Some new features may be released as opt-in only and will not appear until you enable them in your test environment. You can view these features in the Feature Options tab within Course Settings. Learn how to manage new features for an individual course.How do I view and sort discussion replies in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
View Discussion
In a discussion, you have several options to view and sort discussions. Use the search field to search for replies or specific authors. To filter discussion replies by All or Unread replies, select an option from the View drop-down menu. To sort discussions by date posted, click the Sort button. Discussion replies are sorted newest to oldest by default.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. To view threaded replies inline, click the Inline button that displays when the View Split Screen button is clicked.
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. To collapse the threaded replies, click the Collapse Threads button.
You can view how many total replies and unread replies are in a thread. The number on the left indicates total replies, while the number on the right indicates the number of unread replies.
To subscribe to a discussion, click the Subscribe icon. Subscribing to a discussion allows you to follow the discussion and receive notifications as set in your notification settings. You are automatically subscribed to any discussions you reply to. When you create a discussion in a group—or in a course if you have permission—you are also automatically subscribed to the discussion. If you are subscribed, the icon displays a solid green background. To unsubscribe, click the Subscribe icon. When you are unsubscribed, the icon displays outlined in black. 
View Graded Discussion
If your discussion is a graded discussion, you can view the discussion the same way as regular discussions. However, you can view the number of points the discussion is worth, and if there is a due date. 
View Group Discussion
If a discussion is a group discussion, you can view the group discussion from the course Discussions Index Page or from your group Discussions Index Page.
View Anonymous Discussion Message
If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, a message displays noting that your name and profile picture will be hidden from other course members. 
View Replies
Discussion replies are shown in order of post date. In discussion replies, the unread icon indicates the reply is new and unread. After you view a discussion reply, the unread icon no longer displays. When you scroll past a reply, navigate away from the Discussion, or refresh the page, Canvas automatically marks the replies as read. After Canvas has changed the reply status, you can manually mark discussion replies as read or unread at any time. 
You can also change your Discussion Settings so you can manually mark discussion replies as read.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
View Liked Discussions
If your instructor allows you to like replies in a discussion, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the discussion. A solid blue like icon indicates replies that you've liked. The number of total likes also appears next to the icon.
View Reply History
If you are allowed to edit their discussion posts, you can view the edit history of your post. 
To view the history, click the View History link.
In the Edit History window, you can view any version with the date and time stamp of your post. To expand all of the versions, click the Expand all button. 
To return to the discussion, click the Close button.
Search for Reply
To search for a discussion reply, enter any term in the Search field. Search results include matches for user names and reply text.
To clear search results and view all replies, remove your search term from the Search field.
Note: If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. Posts created by the instructor display the instructor's name and profile picture.
View Reply Options
Each discussion reply has its own options menu.
To mark the selected post as read or unread, click the Mark as ... option.
In original discussion replies, you can return to the main discussion topic by clicking the Go To Topic option. 
In threaded discussions, if you are viewing a reply within a reply, return to the original reply by clicking the Go To Parent option.
If a reply was quoted in the threaded reply click Go to Quoted Reply to view the reply that was quoted.
If you are allowed to edit and delete your own discussion posts, you will also view Edit and Delete options.
If you are allowed to report replies, you will also view the Report option.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to a discussion, reply to the main discussion topic by clicking the Reply button. If your discussion is threaded, you can reply to any other post in the discussion by clicking the Reply link.How do I use SpeedGrader as an instructor
View SpeedGrader
SpeedGrader includes several areas to help you locate and view student submissions, grade submissions, and add comments to submissions.
View SpeedGrader Menu Icons
The SpeedGrader menu includes several tools and resources to assist with grading assignments. 
The left side of the menu includes general settings and options. 
To return to the Gradebook, click the Gradebook icon.
To post or hide the assignment, click the Visibility icon.
To view SpeedGrader settings, click the Settings icon. SpeedGrader settings include: 
Options, which allows you to select student list sorting options and enable anonymous grading.
Keyboard Shortcuts, which opens a list of keyboard shortcuts for SpeedGrader. You can also press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously.
Help, which opens the Instructor SpeedGrader guides. 
Note: When moderated grading is enabled for an assignment, final graders (moderators) will also view a Moderation Page button, which will allow them to view the Grade Summary Page for the moderated assignment.
View Assignment Details
The center of the menu bar includes assignment information and overall grading information. Assignment information includes the name of the assignment, assignment due date, and the name of the course. 
To view the assignment details, click the name of the assignment. The assignment details page also lets you download all student submissions for the assignment. 
To return to the Course Home Page, click the name of the course.
Grading information includes assignment statistics, including the number of assignments that have been graded out of the total number of students in the course and the average score and percentage. You can use this information to keep track of your grading progress.
View Student List
The right side of the menu bar includes the student list for the assignment. SpeedGrader opens the assignment for the first student listed in the student list, arranged alphabetically by last name. If you have activated student view, the Test Student will be shown at the end of the student list. The student list also displays the status of each student's submission. You can also use the student list to find student submissions.
View Student Submission
Once you have selected a student, the student's submission displays in the preview window.
Depending on the assignment and submission type, the SpeedGrader preview window varies. For example, a website URL submission type will appear in the main body of SpeedGrader with the option to open the URL in a new tab. Some website URL submissions cannot be viewed in Canvas and must be viewed in a new tab. Media submissions may display as an embedded file in SpeedGrader or only display as a downloadable file.
To provide comments on document submissions, you can:
Use Canvas DocViewer to mark up .pdf, .doc/.docx, and .ppt/.pptx assignments directly in SpeedGrader. SpeedGrader may take up to ten minutes after an assignment is submitted to display a document that supports DocViewer.
Download the submission, put feedback on the document, and re-upload the submission.
Note: When the Allow Multiple file AGS submissions count as one submission is enabled, students can select multiple files to be uploaded to a third-party assignment in Canvas. However, some third-party tools may not be built to accommodate this feature.
View Uploading Submissions
If a Google Drive or Microsoft Office 365 assignment upload is queued for submission, an Uploading image displays in place of the student submission. An Uploading icon also displays next to the assignment link. 
View Failed Submission Uploads
When a Google Drive or Microsoft Office 365 assignment submission fails to upload, or when viewing an unsupported file type in SpeedGrader, an Upload Failed image displays. Failed submission uploads display an Upload Failed icon next to the assignment link. 
View Enrollment Notice
SpeedGrader displays assignment submissions according to the current Gradebook settings for inactive enrollments and concluded enrollments. If an assignment includes a submission from an inactive or concluded student, a notice appears at the top of the SpeedGrader window. 
For group assignments where students are graded as a group, the group displays as long as there is at least one active student in the group. If there are no active students in the group, the group displays if one group member aligns with the enrollment settings in the Gradebook. For group assignments where students are graded individually, individual student submissions display according to the enrollment settings in the Gradebook.
Inactive student submissions can still be graded in SpeedGrader, but students do not receive any notifications about their assignment and cannot view course grades.
Concluded student submissions are read-only; they cannot be graded or receive comments.
Note: If a student does not have a submission for the assignment, the student may have been deactivated or concluded before being able to submit the assignment.
View Closed Grading Period
If your course uses multiple grading periods, a notice appears at the top of the SpeedGrader window if an assignment is in a closed grading period. Assignments in a closed grading period cannot be edited.
View Sidebar
The SpeedGrader sidebar provides all the submission details for the student shown in the student list. However, submission details are not shown when an assignment is graded anonymously.
In the sidebar, you can also download submission files, grade assignments, leave comments, reassign assignments, and view submission status.
Download Submission Files
In the SpeedGrader sidebar, you can view the submission details, including the date and time of the submission; if an assignment was resubmitted, you can view previous versions of the submission. 
You can also download the submission file by clicking the link.
Grade Assignment
Complete the assessment of the submission by entering a grade in the Grade field or using a rubric, if available, by clicking the View Rubric button. 
Leave Comments
In the Assignment Comments section of the SpeedGrader sidebar, you can type feedback comments or insert a comment from the Comment Library.
You can attach files to comments, record or upload media, or translate spoken comments into text using Chrome's speech recognition feature.
You can also download all submission comments.
Note: Assignment comments also display as a new thread in Conversations. 
Reassign Assignment
In the SpeedGrader sidebar, you can reassign an assignment. To reassign the assignment to the student, submit at least one comment to the student's submission. Then click the Reassign Assignment button.
To resubmit the assignment, a student can view the assignment as a To Do item in their List View Dashboard. 
View Submission Status
In the SpeedGrader sidebar, you can view the student's assignment submission status.
To edit the submission status, click the Edit button. Available statuses include Late, Missing, Excused, and None.
View Assignment for Next Student
Once you grade the submission, the student's assignment indicator changes to a check mark, indicating the submission has been graded.
You can view the next student's submission by clicking the arrow button next to the student list.
View Group Assignments
When evaluating group assignments, the student list displays the name of each group, unless the group assignment is graded individually. Evaluating group assignments is the same process as individual students. You can mark up documents directly or download them for feedback, enter grades and view the rubric, and post and view comments. Learn more about grading group assignments. 
View Anonymous Assignments
If an assignment or quiz was set to have anonymous grading, the student list displays all student names generically. The student list order does not match the order in the Gradebook and is randomized for each assignment.
If an assignment is not anonymous, you can hide student names in SpeedGrader for anonymous grading at any time.
Note: Graded discussions cannot be anonymous.How do I upload a file from Microsoft Office 365 as an assignment submission as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Start Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button.
Open Office 365
Click the Office 365 tab. 
Note: If the Office 365 tab is not available, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Attach File
Microsoft Office 365 will display a list of all allowed file types. Click the name of the file, then click the Attach File button. 
Note: When the Allow Multiple file AGS submissions count as one submission is enabled, you can select multiple files to be uploaded to a third-party assignment in Canvas. However, some third-party tools may not be built to accommodate this feature.
Submit Assignment
In the File field, confirm your selected file. To select a new file, click the Change button.
Click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submission Notification
After you submit your assignment, Canvas displays a message notifying you that your submission is processing. You can navigate away from the assignment submission page without disrupting the file upload. You will also receive an email notification when your submission completes processing.
To clear the notification, click the OK button. 
View Submission
View the confirmation of your assignment submission. 
View Uploading and Failed Submission Icons
If your submission has been queued for upload, an uploading icon displays. This icon also displays for your instructor if they access the assignment before it uploads. 
If your submission failed to upload, an upload failed icon displays. Click the download submission link to view the error. How do I manage confetti animations in Canvas as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Manage Celebration Animations
In the Feature Settings section, click the Disable Celebration Animations state icon and select the Enabled or Disabled option. 
Note: If the Disable Celebration Animations feature setting does not display, it is not been enabled by your institution.How can I share a private ePortfolio as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Share ePortfolio
All ePortfolios are, by default, private. This means that only you can see the contents of the portfolio. To share your ePortfolio, you will need to copy and paste the link into an email or other sharing utility.
Copy ePortfolio Link 
To copy the ePortfolio link, right click the share link and select the Copy link.
You can also click the share link and the URL will appear in your address bar. Highlight the link, right click, and select the Copy link. How do I conclude an enrollment in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Open User Details
Click the user's Options icon, then select the User Details link.
View Memberships
Locate the Membership Section in the user details page. 
If your institution has enabled Profiles, the Membership page displays directly in the page.
View More User Details
If Profiles is not enabled for your institution, you can view the Membership Section by clicking the more user details link.
Conclude Enrollment
Click the Conclude or Conclude this Enrollment link.
Confirm Enrollment
Click the OK button.How do I send a module item to another instructor as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Open Module Item Options
To send an assignment, quiz, page, or discussion module item, click the module item's Options icon. Select the Send To... option.
Note: File, text header, external URL, and external tool module item types cannot be sent individually to another instructor. However, when entire modules are sent to another instructor, they are included. 
Select Recipient
To send the module item to another instructor, click or type in the Send to field. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your module item.
Note: You can send the module item to multiple instructors at one time.
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the module item to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Module Item
Click the Send button.
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the user's Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content.How do I change the language preference in my user account as an observer
Open Account Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Select Language
To choose your preferred language, click the Language drop-down menu. You can view a list of supported languages in Canvas. 
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Preferred Language
View Canvas in your preferred language.How do I change the language preference in my user account as an admin
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Select Language
In the Language drop-down menu, choose your preferred language.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Preferred Language
View Canvas in your preferred language.How do I upload a document in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Upload Document by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed a document by dragging and dropping the file saved to your computer.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple documents by dragging and dropping the files saved to your computer.
Upload Document by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed a document by copying and pasting a file saved to your computer. To copy a file to your clipboard, open the file location. Right-click the file and select Copy or click the file and use the keyboard shortcut CTRL+C on a PC or Command+C on a Mac. You can paste the file by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Upload Document from Toolbar
To upload a document from the toolbar, click the Document icon. From the dropdown menu, select the Upload Document option.
To view the Document icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Upload Document from Menubar
Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Document options, and select the Upload Document option. 
Upload File
Click to browse your files or drag and drop a media file to the media uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Select File
Select the document file and click the Open button.
View Selected File
The uploader displays the document file name. To remove the file, click the Delete icon. 
Manage Usage Rights
If required by your institution, you will need to select usage right settings for your document.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of the five usage right options:
I hold the copyright: original content created by you
I have obtained permission to use the file: authorized permission by the author
The material is in the public domain: explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws: excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education
The material is licensed under Creative Commons: this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Note: If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to your document, please consult your institutional admin for guidance.
Submit Upload
To upload your selected document, click the Submit button.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Document Link
View a link to your uploaded file in the Rich Content Editor.
To manage options for the link, click the link title and click the Link Options link. 
View Link Options
You can edit the link text in the Textfield or link URL in the Linkfield.
To disable users from seeing a file preview, select Disable Preview option.
You can choose to display a file preview in a pop-up window or in-line preview when the link is clicked. You can also choose to expand an in-line preview by default. 
To allow users to view a file preview in a pop-up window when the link is clicked, select the Preview in overlay option. 
To allow users to view an in-line preview when the link is clicked, click the Preview inline option. To expand the in-line preview by default, click the Expand preview by Default checkbox.  
To save link options, click the Done button.
Notes:
Inline preview is not supported in the Canvas beta environment.
Inline preview does not display in Edit mode.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor. 
To preview the file, click the file link.
To download the linked document, click the Download icon.How do I enable a course as a course template as an admin
Open Course
In the Account Navigation Menu, click the Courses link and click the course you want to use as a template. To find your desired course, you can use the course filters or search field.
To create a new course, click the Add Course button.
Open Settings
In the Course Navigation Menu, click the Settings link.
Enable Course as Template
In the Course Details tab, click the Enable course as a Course Template checkbox.
Note: If you are unable to manage the Course Template setting, the course may have enrollments (including the Test Student) or you may not have permission to manage course templates.
Save Settings
Click the Update Course Details button.
View Associated Accounts
Once a course template is associated with an account, you can view the number of accounts associated in the Associated with [number] account link. To view the names of the accounts, click the link.How do I move outcomes and outcome groups in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account or Sub-Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome
Locate the outcome or outcome group you wish to move.
Move Outcome or Outcome Group
To move an individual outcome or outcome group, click the Move button.
Select the outcomes group where you want to move the outcome or outcome group.
Click the Move button.
Drag and Drop Outcome or Outcome Group
You can also use the drag and drop option to move outcomes and outcome groups. Click the outcome or outcome group and drag the outcome or outcome group to the desired location. Drop the outcome or outcome group in the desired location by releasing the mouse.How can I share a private ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Share ePortfolio
All ePortfolios are, by default, private. This means that only you can see the contents of the portfolio. To share your ePortfolio, you will need to copy and paste the link into an email or other sharing utility.
Copy ePortfolio Link 
To copy the ePortfolio link, right click the share link and select the Copy link.
You can also click the share link and the URL will appear in your address bar. Highlight the link, right click, and select the Copy link. How do I view the Admin Analytics Student Dashboard as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Analytics link.
Open Student Dashboard
To open the Student Dashboard, click the Student link.
View Student Dashboard
In the Student Dashboard, you can view the following quick statistics and charts:
Students with a current course score less than 60%
Average grade for enrolled students
Students with no course activity in last 30 days
Average days since the last course interaction
Grade averages for enrolled students
Student submissions by status
Student details
Learn more about viewing and managing statistic and chart data.
Note: All statistics and charts display data based on the selected filters. How do I add a text header as a module item as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Add Content
Click the Add Item button.
Select Item Type
In the drop-down menu, select the Text Header option.
Add Text
Type the text you wish to add in the header field. Open the Indentation drop-down menu and select the level of indentation for the text header.
Add Item
Click the Add Item button.
View Module
View the new text header in your module.How do I use the Microsoft Immersive Reader in a course as an instructor
Open Immersive Reader
When viewing pages, assignments, course home pages, and the syllabus in a course, click the Immersive Reader button. 
View Immersive Reader
The Microsoft Immersive Reader displays a variety of tools and options to enhance your reading experience.
You can manage text, grammar, and reading preferences using the toolbar. To expand the reader display, click the Full Screen button. 
To hear the page text read aloud, click the Play button. To adjust audio settings, click the Voice Settings button. 
To close the reader and return to Canvas, click the Exit button.
Note: For more details about the Microsoft Immersive Reader functionality, visit the Microsoft Immersive Reader website.How do I use the Training Services Portal as an instructor
Open Help Menu
In the Canvas Global Navigation menu, click the Help link.
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help link name and icon may vary.
Open Training Services Portal
Click the Training Services Portal link.
Notes:
The Training Services Portal is available to institutions in the United States and select Canadian institutions that have chosen to participate..
If you cannot access the Training Services Portal, your Canvas admin may have hidden the Help Menu link.
Authorize Account
To use the Training Services Portal, you must authorize the Training Portal to access your Canvas account. 
Two modals display when accessing the Training Portal the first time. To authorize use of your account, click the Authorize buttons. In the future, only the Canvas Training Portal Authorization modal will display. 
Note: If you are not authenticated in your Canvas Instance, you will be prompted to enter your Canvas URL before accessing the Training Portal.
View Courses & Webinars
By default, the Courses & Webinars page displays.Available training material displays based on your institution's subscription training package. Depending on your institution's subscription training package, you may see On Demand offerings. On Demand offerings are asynchronous learning pathways or courses comprising written content and videos. If purchased by your institution, you may also view Product Training courses, which include detailed training on a specific product.Offerings may be filtered using the section tabs. The All tab displays all courses and webinars. The K12 tab displays offerings specific to K12 institutions. The Higher Education tab displays offerings specific to higher education institutions. The Products tab displays offerings for Instructure products. The Partner Integrations tab displays partner offerings that are non-Instructure education solutions that integrate with Canvas.To locate a specific offering, enter a keyword in the Search field and click the Search button.To filter offerings by type, duration, or tag, click the Filter button.Each content section has categories that separate the offerings into themes.To view course or webinar details, click the course or webinar title.To view more information about the offering, click the Details icon.To enroll in a course, click the Enroll Now link.Note: To enroll in a pathway, click the Pathways tab, locate the pathway, and click the Enroll In Pathwaylink.
Enroll in Offering
Click the Enroll button.
Open Course
Courses you have enrolled in display in the In Progress section. 
To open a course in which you are enrolled, click the Continue link. The course opens in a new tab.
Unenroll in Offering
To unenroll from an offering, click the Details icon and then click the Unenroll button.
To confirm your unenrollment, click the Unenroll button.
View Live Training Calendar
To view the training calendar, click the Live Training Calendar tab. The Training Calendar displays pre-scheduled live webinars delivered by Canvas trainers. 
To view information about a live training, click the session title. To view live training details, click the Details option. To register for the training, click the Enroll Now option. After registering, you will receive a Canvas Inbox message with the session invite and details. You can invite other Premium subscription members to join the training by sharing the link included in the message. You can also access the session from the Training Calendar 15 minutes prior to the start of the webinar.
Note: Live trainings are only available to Premium subscription clients.
View History & Transcripts
To view your training history and transcriptions, click the History & Transcriptions tab. 
You can view past enrolled offerings, the offering type, and completion status.
To generate a transcript, click the Generate Transcript button.What is the Canvas Teacher app
Grading
Teachers can browse submissions and provide feedback to their students with a new and improved mobile SpeedGrader embedded in the app.
Communicating
Teachers can post announcements, send messages, and participate in course discussions. Canvas Teacher includes the Message Students Who feature from the web version of Canvas and allows teachers to easily send messages to students about specific course assignments.
Updating
Teachers can easily update course content such as due dates and spelling errors. They can also publish assignments, manage discussion settings, and adjust quiz options.How do I like a reply in a course discussion as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
Like Discussion Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
View Liked Discussion
The Like icon will change color, indicating you have liked the reply.
The Like icon also displays the total number of times a reply has been liked.
View Liking Restriction
If your instructor has restricted the liking option to only users with grading permissions, you will not be able to see the Like icon or like your favorite replies. However, you can still see the total number of likes given to each reply.How do I use the Dashboard as an instructor
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Dashboard
The Dashboard is your landing page in Canvas. Depending on your institution, your Dashboard may default to one of two views: Card View or Recent Activity View.
Card View: displays course cards for quick access to all your favorite courses (the same courses display in the Courses link from the Global Navigation Menu)
Recent Activity View: displays all recent activity for all courses
View To Do List & Sidebar
In the Card View Dashboard and the Recent Activity Dashboard, the sidebar contains a To Do list and other sections that help you know what assignments and events are coming up in all of your courses. Learn more about the dashboard sidebar. 
View Global Announcement
The Dashboard may also include global announcements, which are announcements created by your institution. To remove the announcement from your dashboard, click the Remove icon.
View Dismissed Announcement
If you dismiss a global announcement, you can view dismissed announcements on the Global Announcements page.
Change Dashboard View
To change your Dashboard view, click the Options menu. You can view the Dashboard in Card View or Recent Activity View. If Canvas for Elementary has been enabled in your institution, you can also view the Dashboard in Homeroom View.How do I hide totals in my students' grade summaries as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Hide Totals in Student Grades Summary
Select the Hide totals in student grades summary option.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button. 
Students View Informational Message
When students view their course grades, an informational message indicates that the calculation of totals has been disabled. Assignment group names are displayed, but totals are hidden.What is Canvas
Canvas Defined
Condensing something as robust as Canvas into a simple definition is quite a challenge but we'll try.
Canvas LMS is an open and reliable web-based software that allows institutions to manage digital learning, educators to create and present online learning materials and assess student learning, and students to engage in courses and receive feedback about skill development and learning achievement.
Additionally, while Canvas is primarily a web-based software, any user can access Canvas on a mobile device from the Canvas Teacher, Canvas Student, and Canvas Parent apps. Learn more about the Canvas mobile apps.
Basic Canvas Features
Canvas includes a variety of built-in course construction and management tools that can be customized to create unique and accessible teaching and learning experiences.
Instructional designers and instructors may create and share course content using Assignments, Discussions, Modules, Quizzes, and Pages. They may also choose to foster a collaborative learning experience using Collaborations, Conferences, and Groups. Additionally, course creators can use the Course Import Tool to bulk-upload pre-existing LMS course packages and/or course materials.
Students use Canvas to view and interact with course materials, view feedback, communicate with their instructor, and interact with other course users. 
Students and instructors can showcase their work by creating their own ePortfolios.
Canvas also allows institutions and instructors to add state and institutional learning outcomes to rubrics in order to measure and track student skill development and learning achievement. Optionally, instructors can customize the learning experience using Mastery Paths. 
Instructors can provide students with comprehensive feedback on assignment and quiz submissions using SpeedGrader and manage grade reporting in the Canvas Gradebook.Instructors can also allow peer reviews to encourage student-to-student feedback. 
Instructors can facilitate real-time course interactions using Chat and communicate course news and updates with students using Announcements as well as the Calendar and Syllabus.Additionally, all course participants can use the Canvas Inbox to send and receive messages.
Instructors and admins can gain greater insight into student success and make informed instructional decisions using data provided in Canvas Analytics. Admins can also access SQL data about their Canvas user and usage details form Canvas Data Services.
Canvas also includes the Canvas App Center, where admins, designers, and instructors can enable a variety of External Apps (LTI Tools) and services. The ever-growing app library offers a wide array of interactive resources, content repositories, assessment tools, social media integrations, and other digital learning and teaching resources.
Learn more about all Canvas features, review the Canvas Guides, and compare Canvas Free for Teacher features with features included in a paid account.
Additional Canvas Features
Institutions may choose to include additional Canvas features specifically designed to meet a variety of institutional, educational, and learning needs.
Canvas Catalog is a digital marketplace where students can register, enroll, and pay for courses.
Canvas Studio is an interactive video management platform that enhances student engagement and collaboration. 
Canvas Commons is a learning object repository where teachers can store course content for their own use and for collaboration with colleagues both within and outside of their institution.
Canvas Credentials provides features for going beyond the badges/credentials within Canvas.
Mastery Connect allows designers and teachers to build, deploy, and manage standards-based formative and summative assessments across an institution. It provides schools with actionable data to improve teaching and learning.
Canvas Student ePortfolios is an academic ePortfolio platform that allows you to showcase your education and work accomplishments and connect with other professionals. Although it that integrates directly inside of Canvas, students will always have access to their Canvas Student ePortfolios outside of Canvas even after they lose access to Canvas.
Canvas Student Pathways gives instructors more advanced features for guiding students through defined activities, milestones, and achievements. 
Canvas Users
Canvas includes the following six standard user roles: Admins, Designers, Teachers/Instructors, Teacher Assistants, Students, and Observers. However, institutions may create any number of custom course-level or account-level user roles with varied Canvas access.
A user’s assigned role permissions determines their Canvas access and interactions. For example, Canvas administrators may have access to create user accounts, add course enrollments, and manage institutional grading periods. Instructional designers may use Canvas to create and manage course content and review course analytics to identify areas for improvement in teaching and learning. School counselors may use Canvas to review student course progress and assess student achievement. Parents and guardians may use Canvas to review and communicate with instructors about student course progress, including assignment submissions and grades.
Using Canvas
Anyone can use Canvas! Are you just getting started?
New admins, refer to the Admin Getting Started Resources 
Instructors, refer to the Instructor Getting Started Resources
Students, refer to the Student Getting Started Resources
Observers and parents, refer to the Observers/Parents Getting Started Resources
To try a free version of Canvas called Free-for-Teacher, sign up for a free Canvas account.
You can find more information about using Canvas in the Canvas Community, including how-to guides, question and answer forums, and special interest groups.How do I send a page to another instructor as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View All Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page Options
Locate the page you wish to send to a user, then click the page Options icon. Select the Send to... option.
Select Recipient
To send your page to another instructor, click or type in the Send to field. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your page. 
Note: You can send the page to multiple instructors at one time. 
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the page to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Page
Click the Send button. 
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the users's Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content. How do I add an event to an account calendar as an admin
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Account Calendar
Click the Add icon.
To add additional calendar(s) to your Canvas calendar, click the checkbox next to the calendar and click the Save Changes button.
Add Event
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
You can enter a location.
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the account calendar.
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links and add an address location.
If you only want to create the event as a placeholder and add details later, click the Submit button. You can edit your event at any time.How do I mention a user in an announcement reply in Announcements Redesign as a student
Reply to Announcement
To reply to the announcement, click the Reply button. To reply to an announcement reply, click the Reply link.
Mention User in Reply
Use the Rich Content Editor to enter your reply, links, photos, equations, or media.
To mention a user in your reply type the @ symbol in the Rich Content Editor. A list of course users displays. 
Select User
To locate the course user, scroll through the list or filter the list by typing the course user's name. Then select the user's name from the list. 
Post Reply
Your @mention text displays in a purple font and highlight. 
To post your reply, click the Save button.
View Reply
Your post displays at the bottom of the thread. 
Note: If the Discussions - New Mention notification setting is enabled in the mentioned user's notification settings, the user is notified that they were mentioned.How do I use the Discussions Index Page as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
View Discussions Index Page
The Discussions Index page is designed with global settings at the top of the page, followed by the Discussion groups. Individual discussions are nested within each Discussion group.
View Discussions Global Settings
Global settings include a drop-down menu to filter all or unread discussions and a search field for searching discussions by title or discussion author.. You can also add a new discussion and edit discussion settings.
View Discussion Groups
Discussion groups can be expanded and collapsed by clicking the arrow next to the name.
Discussions are organized into three main areas: 
1. Discussions. These are current discussions within the course. Discussions can remain open indefinitely, or you can specify a date range (as designated by the available from/until date).Discussions with replies are ordered by most recent activity. Discussions with no replies are ordered by creation date. Students will only see this section heading if there are discussions within this section.  
2. Pinned Discussions. These are discussions that you want your students to see at the top of their page. Pinned discussions can be arranged in any order. Students will only see this section heading if there are discussions within this section.  
3. Closed for Comments. These discussions have been manually closed for comments, or the discussion is past the available from/until date. These are discussions that are only available in a read-only state. Closed for comments discussions are also ordered by most recent activity. Students will always see this section heading, even if there are no discussions within this section.
View Individual Discussion
Each discussion displays whether or not it is a graded discussion, the name of the discussion, the date on which the last discussion reply was posted, the number of unread/total posts in the discussion, the discussion state (published or unpublished), and whether or not you are subscribed to the discussion. You can also view availability dates for graded and ungraded discussions.
The unread icon next to a discussion indicates an unread discussion. You can also view which sections are assigned to a discussion. The number of unread/total posts is not included for group discussions and discussions that have no discussion replies. The peer review icon also displays if a graded discussion has been assigned peer reviews.
You can also set varied due dates for a discussion and create due dates according to course section. Discussions with varied due dates show the latest due date.
Notes: 
Due dates are not required for discussions.
Graded discussions with discussion replies cannot be unpublished. This is indicated by the publish icon being lighter in color.
View Availability Dates
Discussions can also include availability dates. Availability dates can make a discussion available for only a specific period of time. 
Manage Individual Discussion
To manage an individual discussion, click the Optionsicon. 
From the options drop-down menu you can close the discussion for comments, pin or unpin the discussion, open SpeedGrader, duplicate the discussion, send the discussion to another instructor, copy the discussion to another course, add the discussion to a MasteryPath, or delete the discussion.
Note:The Mastery Paths option is only available if the MasteryPaths feature option is enabled for your course.
View Discussion
To view discussion details and replies, click the name of the discussion.
View MasteryPaths
If you use MasteryPaths in your course, you can tell which items are set up in Modules as MasteryPaths or conditional content items.
View Blueprint Course
If your course includes Blueprint icons, your course is associated with a blueprint course. Blueprint courses are courses managed as a template and may contain locked objects managed by a Canvas admin, course designer, or other instructor. 
The Course Details tab in Course Settings will tell you if your course is a blueprint course. Most commonly, your course will not be a blueprint course and you can only manage unlocked content in your course. If your course is a blueprint course, you can lock and sync course content to associated courses. 
View Student View
To view the discussions index page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I configure an external app for a course using an LTI 2 Registration URL as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button. 
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Select Configuration Type
Click the Configuration Type drop-down menu and select By LTI 2 Registration URL.
Add Registration URL
In the Registration URL field, enter the URL for the app.
Apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS).
Launch Registration Tool
Click the Launch Registration Tool button.
Note: You may have to confirm settings or provide additional information in the Registration Tool.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the course, Canvas verifies the you still want to install the app.
To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
View App
View the external app.
To manage the app, click the Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage where the app displays in Canvas, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.How do I view a discussion thread in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
View Discussion
View the discussion topic.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
Quote Discussion Replies
When viewing discussion thread replies, you can quote a threaded reply. 
To quote a discussion thread reply, click the Options icon and then click the Quote Reply link.
View Quoted Discussion Reply Options
To include or exclude the quoted reply in your message, click the Include quoted reply in message toggle button.
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor.
Click the Reply button.
View Quoted Discussion Reply
View the quoted message in your reply.How do I enable the high contrast user interface as an observer
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Account link.
Enable High Contrast UI
Click the Use High Contrast UI toggle.
Reload Page
For the high contrast UI to take affect, reload the page or navigate to another page in Canvas.
View High Contrast UI
View the high contrast user interface (UI).
The high contrast user interface (UI) enhances the color contrast of text, buttons, and other elements so they are more distinct and easier to identify in Canvas. 
Note: The High Contrast UI setting does not support Institutional branding.How do I get to SpeedGrader from the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Gradebook
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Assignment Menu
Hover over the assignment column header and click the Options icon.
Open SpeedGrader
Click the SpeedGrader link.
Select Student Group
If you have enabled the Launch SpeedGrader Filtered by Student Group setting, you must select a student group before launching SpeedGrader. To select a student group in the Gradebook, choose a student group in the Gradebook filters.How do I use Files as an observer
View Files
The basic functionality within Files is the same within each files location, but some features may differ according to feature area.
The left panel shows all folders for quick navigation. Some folders may be housed within other folders. To expand all folders, click the arrows next to the folder name.
When you click the name of a folder, all contents within the folder you are viewing display in the right panel. You can also click folder names in the right panel to view folder content.
For each file, you can view the name of the file, the date the file was created, the date the file was modified, the name of the person who modified the file (if modified by another user), and the size of the file.
You can also view the published status for your user files.
Files are sorted alphabetically. To sort files, click the name of any column heading. 
Manage Files
Depending on the file area, files may contain several options to manage files:
Search for files. Files is fully searchable by file name.
Add a new folder to Files to store files. Folders can also house other folders.
Upload a file to Files.
Change the state of the file. Files can be published, unpublished, or include a restricted status.
Manage Selected Files
To select a file, click the name of the file. You can also select multiple files at the same time by holding the command (Mac) or control (PC) key.When a file is selected, Files displays the file toolbar at the top of the window. Depending on the files area, the toolbar may contain several options to manage the selected file(s):
Preview the file
Restrict access to the file
Download the file (when selecting more than one file, option appears to download as a zip file)
Move the file
Delete the file
You can also manage some or all options for a selected file within the file's Options menu.
View Usage Rights
Course Files may display a column for usage rights. If enabled, the column displays the usage right (copyright) for the file. Files that do not contain a usage right display as a warning icon.How do I create a case in the Field Admin Console as an admin
Create New Case
In the Field Admin Console home page, click the Create Support Ticket button.
Select Instance
Select the instance in which you are creating the case using the Which Instance for this Case? dropdown. Then click the Next button. 
Escalate SIS Case
If your instance is authorized to escalate SIS cases, a SIS escalation prompt displays. 
Learn more about creating a SIS escalation case.
Add Case Details
Enter a subject for the case in the Subject field and a description in the Description field.
To add an attachment to the case, drag and drop files or click the Upload Files button. 
To submit your case, click the Next button. 
View Case
When submitted successfully, your case number displays. 
To view full case details, click the Next button.How do I change my default email address in my user account as an observer
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
View Email Addresses
The User Settings sidebar displays your contact options. View your email address contacts under Email Addresses.  Your default email address displays a Star icon. 
Choose Default Email Address
To select a new default email address, hover over the preferred default email address and click the Star icon. What is Canvas Data 2
Canvas Data 2
Canvas Data 2 offering is a set of services and technologies that provides institutions with access to download their raw data across various Instructure educational products. Canvas Data 2 allows institution IT/data teams to retrieve their school's LMS data in bulk and keep it up-to-date (4 hours of data freshness) to conduct their own research and build custom reports, dashboards, and tools to meet the unique needs of the institution. Canvas Data 2 allows access to high-fidelity source data and provides more granular data.
Audience and Usage
The intended audience for this tool is institution data analysts, developers, or data administrators with some knowledge of raw data collection and transformation. 
Institutions are likely to use this data for analytics and custom reporting initiatives.
Usage:
Low latency (4 hours)
Transactional data
Operational data
Bulk transfers
Note: Canvas Data 2 is an opt-in product, nevertheless in the initial phase as customers are onboarded in an ongoing fashion, the data freshness may be higher than 4 hours.
Data Schema and Versioning
Canvas Data 2 introduces a new relational data schema instead of the star schema from Canvas Data 1.
The Canvas Data 2 schema is versioned; any updates (additions and deletions) create a new schema version for a table.
Data Refresh and Formats
Data is available approximately within 4 hours from the transaction in Canvas.
The following formats are available:
JSON
CSV
TSV
Parquet
Datasets
There are 89 unique datasets (tables).
Data will be available as snapshots (state at current point in time) or incremental updates (most recent changes between two points in time).How do I view assignment comments from an instructor as an observer
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Assignment Comments
Locate the assignment and click the Comment icon. View the assignment comments as well as the comment author, date, time.
Open Assignment Submission Details
You can also view assignment comments in the submission details page. Click the title of the assignment. 
View Submission Comments
Instructor and student comments display in the submission sidebar.
If the assignment includes a rubric, you can also view rubric comments and details.
View Annotated Comments
The instructor may have also included annotated feedback in the assignment. 
Files that support annotations display a View Feedback button where you can view annotated comments.How do I subscribe to the Calendar feed using Google Calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
Click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the calendar feed link, copy the text in the URL field.
To download the feed as an ICS file, click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
Log in to Google Account
In a new browser, log in to your Google Account.
Note: If you are participating in Google Apps for Education, log in to your Institution Email Account to subscribe to the Calendar Feed.
Locate Calendar
Click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
The calendar displays your calendar and other calendars.
Add Other Calendars
Click the Other Calendars Add icon. 
To paste a copied calendar feed, click the From URL link.
To import from a downloaded ICS file, click the Import link.
Add Calendar by URL
Take the copied URL from Canvas and paste it into the URL of calendar field. Click the Add Calendar button.
Add Calendar by File
To import a downloaded ICS file, click to select the file. Then click the Import button.How do I change discussion settings to manually mark discussion replies as read as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Settings
Click the Settings icon.
Manually Mark Replies as Read
Click the Manually mark replies as read checkbox.
Note: Selecting this option will require you to manually mark replies as read for all of your courses.
Save Settings
Click the Save Settings button.What is Assignment Enhancements
View Assignment Details Using Assignment Enhancements
The Assignment Enhancements page displays assignment information.
The Assignment Summary header displays the assignment title, due date,and points possible. Not all assignments may have a due date.
The Attempt drop-down allows you to view submission attempts for the assignment. By default, the Attempt drop-down displays your most recent submission attempt. 
The Progress Tracker displays the assignment submission and grading status. 
To view assignment feedback or add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button. 
View the number of allowed attempts and availability dates. 
Any added assignment instructions display in the Details section. 
If a rubric was added to the assignment, view it by clicking the View Rubric link. 
View Graded Assignment Using Assignment Enhancements
The most recent submission displays. 
When a submission has been graded, the grade displays and the Progress Tracker displays the Review Feedback status.
If multiple submissions have been added, they can be previewed by selecting the attempt from the Attempt drop-down.
If a rubric was used to grade the assignment, the completed rubric displays. If multiple graders scored your submission with a rubric, you can view how individual grader's completed the rubric using the Select Grader drop-down. 
If permitted, students may resubmit another attempt using the New Attempt button.
Note: If students are not able to resubmit work, the instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.How do I add rich text content to my ePortfolio page as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Select Page
Click the title of the page you wish to edit.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add Content
Canvas already creates a rich text content box for each page. Type your content in the text box and use the toolbar to format your text. 
Notes: 
The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Math equations must be added using the Math Editor in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
View the changes you made to the page.How do I subscribe to the Announcements RSS feed as an observer
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open External Feeds
Click the External Feeds link.
Open RSS Feed
In the External Feeds tray, click the RSS Feed button.
Notes: 
If you use a Firefox browser to access Canvas, you can add a Live Bookmark from this screen. 
If you use a Safari browser to access Canvas, Safari automatically creates an RSS feed for you from this screen.
Copy URL
Copy the URL in the browser address bar. Then open your preferred RSS feed reader and paste the copied URL in the text box. How do I set permissions for an account-level role as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Permissions
In Account Navigation, click the Permissions link. 
Open Account Roles
Click the Account Roles tab.
Manage Permissions
To override any permissions, locate and click the name of the user role. Click the icon next to the name of a permission. In the permission menu, the existing permission is indicated by a checkmark.
Choose the new permission status by clicking one of the permission options: Enable or Disable. After you enable or disable the permission, you can choose to lock the permission status. Click the Lock option to lock the permission status. Locked options keep the setting from being changed by subaccount admins in a lower account. The new permission status is saved automatically.
Note: If a permission icon does not display as opaque, you cannot change the permission.
View Grouped Permissions
Some permissions may be grouped together to allow for greater granularity and control over permissions.
Grouped permissions list the grouped permissions below the grouped permission name.
To expand grouped permissions, click the expand icon.
Manage Grouped Permissions
You can manage each granular permission within the group with the corresponding checkboxes. To enable or disable a granular permission, click the checkbox. A checked box indicates the permission is enabled. An unchecked box indicates the permission is disabled.
If all permissions are enabled for a user role, the permission group displays a checkmark icon.
If some permissions are enabled and some are disabled for a user role, the permission group displays a half-filled icon.
If all permissions are disabled for a user role, the permission group displays an X icon.
View User Role Permissions
To view permissions for an individual user role, click the role name. 
In the sidebar, you can view the role name, the time or date that permissions for the user role were last changed, and the user's assigned and unassigned permissions.
Manage User Role Permissions
To manage user permissions from the sidebar, Click the icon next to the name of a permission. In the permission menu, the existing permission is indicated by a check mark.
Choose the new permission status by clicking one of the permission options: Enable or Disable. After you enable or disable the permission, you can choose to lock the permission status. Click the Lock option to lock the permission status. Locked options keep the setting from being changed by subaccount admins in a lower account. The new permission status is saved automatically.
Note: If a permission icon does not display as opaque, you cannot change the permission.
Edit User Role
To edit the name of the user role, click the Edit icon. Edit the name of the user role, then click the Back arrow. 
Delete User Role
To delete a user role, click the Delete icon. Review the warning about user roles—any users with the role you are deleting will keep the current permissions, but no new users can be created with the user role.
Deleting a user role cannot be undone.
To confirm deletion of the user role, click the Ok button.What are Quizzes
When would I use Quizzes as an instructor?
You can use Quizzes to:
Create new quizzes with individual questions and question groups
Set up question banks
Import external quizzes
Show one quiz question at a time 
Create quizzes for all students, individual students, or course sections
When would I use Quizzes as a student?
You can use Quizzes to:
Test your knowledge of course material 
View all available quizzes in your course 
Submit quizzes in your course 
View quiz questions one at a time or all at once (depending on instructor preference)
Review quiz results How do I manage API access tokens as an admin
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link. 
View Access Tokens
Third-party applications with access tokens and user-generated access tokens are listed in the Approved Integrations section. 
For each access token, you can view the name, purpose, expiration date, and date of last use.
Add Access Token
To add an access token, click the Add New Access Token button.
Add Token Details
Enter a description for your access token in the Purpose field. You can also select an expiration date by clicking the Calendar icon. To generate a token with no expiration, leave the Expires field empty.
To generate a new access token, click the Generate Token button.
View Access Token
View the token description. To view details for the token, click the details link.
View Token Details
The access token details include a token that can be used to make API calls on your behalf.
To regenerate an access token, click the Regenerate Token button.
Delete Access Token
To delete an access token, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm the deletion, click the OK button.How do I edit a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Edit Module
Locate the name of the module and click the Options icon. Select the Edit link.
Edit Module Settings
Edit the module settings you want to change. You can rename the module, lock modules, add prerequisites, add requirements, and require students to move through module items in order. 
Note: The Students must move through requirements in sequential order checkbox will not be shown if the Students must complete one of these requirements radio button is selected.
Update Module
When you are ready to save your Module changes, click the Update Module button.
Re-Lock Module
If you change any module requirements or prerequisites that students have already fulfilled, Canvas will ask if you want to let students progress through the course or re-lock the modules and require students to complete the requirements again.
To re-lock the modules, click the Re-Lock Modules button. To allow students to continue without any changes, click the Continue button.How do I remove module items as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Remove Module Item
Click the Options icon and select the Remove link.
Confirm Removal
Click the OK button.How do I manage student information system (SIS) integration settings for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View Settings
View the Account Settings tab. 
View SIS Integration Settings
In the Account Settings tab, locate the SIS Integration Settings section.
Set SIS Friendly Name
If you want to show the name of your SIS provider in Canvas courses, enter the name in the SIS friendly name field. The name displays in the SIS checkbox in Canvas assignments, graded discussions, and quizzes. This option is helpful for instructors who may not know what an SIS is, but who may be familiar with a setting identified with the SIS name (e.g., PowerSchool).
Enable SIS Imports
If you want to allow users with SIS permissions to import CSV files from your student information system, click the SIS Imports checkbox.
Include Integration IDs
Upon request, your Customer Success Manager can allow you to include Integration IDs in gradebook exports. Integration IDs are secondary unique identifiers useful for more complex SIS integrations and required by some institutions. To generate the Grade Export report with an Integration ID column and to allow gradebook exports to also include an Integration ID column, click the Include Integration IDs in the gradebook exports checkbox. 
Enable SIS Syncing
If you want to enable SIS syncing, click the SIS Syncing checkbox. This setting manages all workflows associated with sending SIS data back to your SIS provider.
View SIS Syncing Settings
You can enable four workflow settings with SIS Syncing. These settings set defaults for all assignments throughout all courses; however, course instructors ultimately manage which assignments are synced by selecting the Sync to SIS option in a graded assignment or the Sync to SIS toggle option in the Assignment Index Page. 
Note: Currently this setting does not support syncing a final or midterm grade, which will be added in a future release.
Lock this setting for sub-accounts: This setting locks all selected SIS Sync settings for subaccounts. Subaccount admins cannot change any SIS settings.
Default SIS Sync for assignments, quizzes, grade discussion: This setting displays the SIS Friendly Name in the Sync to [SIS] checkbox in Canvas assignments, graded discussions, and quizzes. All graded assignments, graded discussions, and graded quizzes will be enabled to be passed back to the SIS by default. (In quizzes, this setting does not apply to practice quizzes and surveys.) The name of the SIS also displays in the checkbox when you are creating an assignment shell in the Assignments page.
Require assignment due date: This setting requires all assignments, graded discussions, and quizzes to include a due date. In a course, if a due date is not included in a graded assignment, Canvas asks the user to add a due date. The assignment cannot be saved until the due date error is resolved or the Sync to SIS option is disabled for the assignment.
Due date validation is based on the assignment setup:
If the assignment is assigned to Everyone, the due date is validated against the course date. If the course does not include a course override date, the assignment is validated against the term date.
If the assignment is assigned to one or more sections, the due date is validated against the section date. If the section does not include a section override date, the assignment is validated against the course or term date.
If the assignment is assigned to one or more students, the assignment is currently not validated.
If the assignment is assigned to one or more students using MasteryPaths, the assignment is currently not validated.
Limit assignment names lengths (max 255): This setting limits the assignment name to a specific number of characters, which should be based on the SIS provider’s length limit, if any. Enter the maximum number of allowed characters in the Characters field. In a course, if an assignment name exceeds the number of set characters, Canvas will notify the user that the assignment name is too long. The assignment cannot be saved until the name length error is resolved or the Sync to SIS option is disabled for the assignment.
Note: If no number limit is entered, Canvas defaults to the maximum of 255 characters, regardless of whether the checkbox is selected.
Automatically disable "Post to SIS" on assignments when grading period closes: This setting disables the Sync to SIS option on assignments, quizzes, and graded discussions, preventing grades from syncing to the school's SIS when the grading period is closed.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.What is the Canvas Parent app
View Student Courses and Grades
The Courses tab displays the list of courses that their students are enrolled in. For each course, parents can see course grades, syllabus, assignments, and events. Grades display according to the course grading scheme. 
View Student Assignments and Events
Assignments and events can be viewed by course or week. Parents can set reminders for a specific assignment or event, which are sent to mobile devices as push notifications.
Set Alerts for Student Activity
Parents can set alerts for specific assignment and grade activity. Alerts are displayed in the Alerts page in the app. What are ePortfolios
When would I use ePortfolios?
Use ePortfolios to:
Create an online educational journal for reflection
Create an online site that can be turned in as an online Assignment
Demonstrate mastery of course Outcomes
Share your best work from multiple courses
Showcase professional-quality work for prospective employers 
Can I export ePortfolios?
Yes. Students and instructors can export ePortfolios to a zip file. Admins can download a report of all ePortfolios in an account from the Account Settings page.
How do I get started?
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Click the Create an ePortfolio button.
You can learn more about creating an ePortfolio as a student or creating an ePortfolio as an instructor.
Note: If you cannot view the ePortfolio link in your User Account, your institution has disabled this feature.How do I view account analytics as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Analytics link. 
View Term Overview
Account analytics shows you how many Courses, Teachers, Students, Assignments, Submissions, Discussion Topics, Files Uploaded, and Media Recordings there are for a selected term. By default, the account shows analytics for the Default Term. Terms are ordered alphabetically.
To view analytics for a different term, click the next or previous buttons in the term menu, or locate the term in the drop-down menu. 
For each term, Analytics includes the following overview:
Courses indicates the number of courses that are published in the account. This number does not count unpublished courses or deleted courses.
Teachers indicates how many unique teachers have had activity within the selected term. If one user is a teacher in 5 courses, the statistic will count as 1 teacher.
Students indicates the same statistics as teachers but relates to students.
Assignments indicates the number of assignments submitted to active courses.
Discussion Topics indicates the number of discussion topics posted to active courses.
Files Uploaded indicates the number of files uploaded to the account. Deleted files do not count here. 
Media Recordings indicate the number of media objects uploaded to active courses, such as video, audio, and music files.
View Analytics Graphs
By default, analytics are shown in a graph format. There are three types of graphs: Activity by Date, Activity by Category, and Grade Distribution.
View Activity by Date
The Activity by Date graph shows all account activity for all users enrolled in a course for the term. The x-axis represents the term dates, while the y-axis represents the number of page views. Dark blue bars represent participation in the account. If a date only includes page views, the bar displays as light blue. 
The graph changes the bar display according to the length of time. Activity that is less than six months old displays bars as daily activity, at six months bars are displayed as weekly activity, and at approximately a year bars are displayed as monthly activity. The weekly view shows the first and last date for the week; the monthly view shows the month and the year. To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. Browser window size, zoom level, and screen resolution may also change how the bars display.
The following user actions will generate analytics participation:
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Announcements: posts an announcement (instructor)
Assignments: updates an assignment's settings or description (instructor)
Assignments: submits an assignment (student)
Calendar: updates a calendar event's settings or description (both instructor courses and student calendar events)
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Files: uploads or views files or folders
Grades: views or updates the gradebook or grades page, uploads files to the gradebook, creates a grading standard 
Groups: views content within groups
Modules: views or creates content in modules 
Pages: creates a wiki page
Quizzes: submits a quiz (student)
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz (student)
If you need to view page views for a specific user on a more granular level, learn how to view page views for users in your account.
View Activity by Category
The View Activity by Category graph shows all activity in the account by feature category. The x-axis represents activity by category, while the y-axis represents the number of page views. The General category refers to the top level page views of the course that are not counted in the more specific categories, which include the Course Home Page, the course roster (People page), Course Settings, and the Syllabus. 
The Other category refers to all the other page views that were not recognized.
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. 
View Grade Distribution
The Grade Distribution graph shows the distribution of current course grades for all enrolled students. The x-axis represents the percentage of grades, while the y-axis represents the percentage of active and concluded enrollments. If the course has been concluded, the x-axis represents the running-total grade.
The graph bars are shown as peaks representing the grades for the majority of students on the continuum. A peak on the left end of the chart could mean students are struggling in a course. A peak on the right end of the chart could mean students are responding to course material and are participating in the courses. 
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. 
View Analytics Tables
To view analytics without hovering over graph columns, you can view all data in a table format. To switch to the table format, click the Analytics icon. The icon will switch from the left side to the right, indicating the current analytics view. 
View Table Data
Tables apply to every graph in its respective page, and each column defines the data within its respective graph. Graphical data is displayed by column. 
Each table is paginated to 30 entries per page; additional pages can be viewed by advancing to the next page.How do I edit sections for an enrollment in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Locate User
In the search field, search for the name of the user. You can also filter users by role in the Roles drop-down menu.
Edit Sections
Click the user's Options icon, then select the Edit Sections link.
View Section Enrollment
Canvas will show you the section(s) where the user is already enrolled.
Add Section
To add a section, begin typing the name of the section in the text field and click the section when it appears.
Note: Users can be in more than one section. You do not need to remove the original section.
Remove Section Enrollment
To remove a student from a section, click the Remove icon.
Update Enrollment
To update section enrollments, click the Update button.How do I view and manage grading schemes in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Grading Scheme
Click the Enable course grading scheme checkbox.
View Grading Scheme
To view a grading scheme, click the Grading Scheme drop-down menu. Then click the View button.
Manage All Grading Schemes
To copy and duplicate the grading scheme, click the Copy button.
To add a new grading scheme, click the Add New Grading Scheme button.
To manage the grading schemes, click the Manage All Grading Schemes link.
View All Grading Schemes
The Grading Schemes page displays the default grading scheme, grading schemes you created, and archived course grading schemes.
Add Grading Scheme
To add a course grading scheme, click the Add New Grading Scheme button.
Manage Grading Schemes
To search for a grading scheme, enter the name in the Search... field.
To open a grading scheme, click the grading scheme's name.
To sort grading schemes alphabetically (ascending or descending), click the Arrow icon.
To duplicate the grading scheme, click the Duplicate icon.
To edit a grading scheme, click the Edit icon.
To archive a grading scheme, click the Archive icon.
To delete a grading scheme, click the Delete icon. 
To unarchive a grading scheme, click the Unarchive icon. 
Notes: 
You can only edit or delete grading schemes that you have created for your course. Only users with admin permissions can edit or delete grading schemes created at the account level. If you do not have permission to manage an account grading scheme, the icons are grayed out.
If you delete or archive a grading scheme that is enabled as the course grading scheme or added to an assignment, the grading scheme will still be retained unless another scheme is selected.
You cannot edit a grading scheme if it has been used to grade student submissions.
Editing the name and description of grading schemes currently in use does not allow edits to percentages or points in the grading scheme. 
A grading scheme established at the course level cannot be deleted, archived, or edited at the account level.
A grading scheme created at the account level cannot be deleted, archived, or edited at the course level.
If a grading scheme is used to grade a student in a course, you cannot delete the scheme from the course.
A grading scheme in use can be archived and then restored to an active state.
An archived grading scheme cannot be leveraged in the future by a course or assignment unless the scheme is restored.
You cannot edit, archive, or delete the Default Canvas Grading Scheme.
When copying or exporting a course, archived default grading schemes are not copied or exported.How do I delete a file upload assignment submission as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Course
To find the course in the account, you can use the course filters or search options.
To open a course, click the name of the course you want to open.
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Open SpeedGrader
Click the SpeedGrader link.
Delete Submission
Find the submission file link. Then click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm you want to delete the submission file, click the OK button.
View Deleted File
After the file is deleted, a message displays in SpeedGrader to inform instructors that the file was deleted. The submission file is also replaced by File_Removed.pdf.How do I view New Analytics in a course as a student
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or the New Analytics button in the Course Home page.
Note: If you cannot view an option to access New Analytics, your instructor may not have enabled this feature or you may not have the necessary course role permissions. 
View Course Grade Graph
By default, student analytics opens to the Course Grade tab. The Course Grade graph shows your submission status and grade for all the assignments in the course. Your current course grade is shown above the chart graph. 
The x-axis displays an icon to indicate if the activity is an assignment, quiz, or discussion. The y-axis indicates the grade percentage.
A solid dot represents a graded assignment and an empty dot represents an ungraded assignment.
To download a CSV of your course grade data, click the Download button.
View Assignment Details
To view more details about an assignment, click the dot.
Each assignment will display the title, due date, grade, and status label. The status label may display as on time, missing, late, or excused.
View Course Grade Data Table
To view course grade data in a table, click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. The data table shows the assignment name, due date, status, and grade. The table can be sorted by clicking any column heading. 
View Weekly Online Activity Graph
To view your weekly online activity, click the Weekly Online Activity tab. Your total page views and total participations are displayed above the chart. 
Data is displayed as a chart with two rows: average page views and average participations. The following actions will generate participations:
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Assignments: submits an assignment
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Pages: creates a page
Quizzes: submits a quiz
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz
Data for the week that is currently in progress is indicated by a dotted line.
To download a CSV of the weekly online activity data, click the Download button.
View Weekly Online Activity Data Table
To view weekly online activity in a table, click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. The data table shows the week start date, number of page views, and number of participations. The table can be sorted by clicking any column heading.
View Communication Graph
To view an overview of messages, click the Communication tab. The Communication graph shows the number of conversations that have taken place between you and your instructor(s) in the Canvas Inbox. The total number of messages sent by you and your instructors is displayed above the graph. 
The x-axis shows the date range and the y-axis shows the number of messages sent. Student and instructor messages are differentiated by different colors. To improve contrast in the chart, click the Chart Options icon and select the Display Shapes option.
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. You can view the total number of messages sent for the date range. Click the bar to view the specific days and number of messages that were sent in the range.
To download a CSV of the communication data, click the Download button.
View Communication Data Table
To view communication activity in a table, click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. The data table shows the week start date, number of student messages, and number of instructor messages. The table can be sorted by clicking any column heading.
To view details of a specific date range, click the date. How do I import a quiz from a QTI package in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Create New Quiz
In the Choose a Quiz Engine screen, select the New Quizzes option. Then click the Submit button. 
Edit Quiz Details
Edit the details for your quiz.
Save Quiz
To save quiz details, click the Save button. To open the New Quizzes build page and import content, click the Build button.
Import Content
Your quiz will open to the Build page. To import content, click the Options icon and select the Import Content option.
Import QTI File
To import a QTI file, drag and drop the file or select a file by clicking the Browse button.
To start the import, click the Import button.
View Import Status
A status bar will display the status of your import.
View Quiz
View your imported quiz.How do I publish or unpublish a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
View Status of All Modules
On the Index page, you can view the state of each module. Green icons indicate the module is published. Gray icons indicate unpublished modules. You can change the status of a module by using the module's publishing drop-down menu.
Publish a Module
To publish a module, click the module's publishing drop-down menu. To bulk publish the entire module and all its items, click the Publish module and all items option. To only publish the module and not the module items, click the Publish module only option.
Note: Bulk publishing files in a module is only available when File Copyright is enabled and usage rights are set or disabled in a course.
Unpublish a Module
To unpublish a module and all its items, click the module's publishing drop-down menu and click the Unpublish module and all items option. To only unpublish the module and not the module items, click the Unpublish module only option.
Note: Bulk unpublish is not available for any files within a module.
Change Status of Module Content Items
You can view and change the status of individual module content items as well. Although publishing a module will also publish all module items, you can manually unpublish individual module items later. Students cannot view unpublished module items as part of a published module. Learn more about managing assignments, quizzes, discussions, pages, and files. 
If you add a restricted file as a module content item, restricted files appear with a lock icon. Restricted files act as published files and can be viewed by students (depending on the restriction setting). Learn more about restricting files in Canvas.
Note: Please be aware that an unpublished module overrides the state of individual module items. If an item is published within an unpublished module, students cannot view the item on the Modules page but they can still view the published items in other areas of Canvas. However, they will not be able to interact with the item until the module is published.
Modules Student View
Students cannot see any of the actions involved with published status, such as published and unpublished icons and setting icons. Students will only see published modules and available module content items, which are displayed in gray text.How do I de-cross-list a section in a course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Course Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
Open Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Section
Click the title of the section you want to de-cross-list.
De-Cross-List This Section
Click the De-Cross-List this Section button.
Click the De-Cross-List This Section button. The section will be moved back to its original course.
Note: If you de-cross-list a section that includes student grades, Canvas will include a message that all grades will no longer be visible. If you need to retain student grades and put them in the original course, you should export the Gradebook and import it into the original course before de-cross-listing the section. How do I send a message to an individual student in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
Click the Course Grade tab.
Message Students Who
In the Filter field, search for and select the name of the intended student. Then click the Message icon. 
Send Message
In the Subject field, enter a subject for your message.
In the Message field, enter the description of your message.
Click the Send button.How do I view assignment feedback from my instructor using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
To open the assignment, click the assignment title. 
View Feedback
If your instructor has added assignment feedback, the Feedback sidebar displays by default. You can view up to the 20 most recent comments for the submission attempt.
You can view comments as well as the author, date, and time the comment was written. Comments may also include media or file attachments.
Note: The feedback sidebar is specific to the submission attempt viewed in the assignment page. Opening a new submission attempt will display a separate sidebar.
Add Comments
To add an assignment comment, type your comment in the comment field. 
To attach a file, click the Attach File button. 
You can record a media comment for your instructor. To record or attach a media file, click the Attach Media File button. 
To send your comment, click the Send Comment button. 
Note: If your instructor has not provided feedback via the Feedback sidebar, the Add Comment button displays in place of the View Feedback button on the Assignment Details page. To add an assignment comment, click the Add Comment button. 
Close Feedback Sidebar
To close the feedback sidebar, click the Close icon.
To reopen the feedback sidebar, click the View Feedback button.
View Rubric Feedback
If your assignment includes a rubric, your instructor may also leave comments in the rubric. 
By default, if a rubric was completed for your submission attempt, the View Rubric section is expanded.
You can view ratings and comments made by specific graders using the Select Grader drop-down. 
You can view awarded ratings, points, and criteria comments. 
View Annotated Comments
If you added a file upload submission, your instructor may have included annotated feedback directly on your submission. 
Files that support annotations display in Docviewer. Learn how to view annotated comments.How do I use the icons and colors in the Gradebook as an instructor
Submission Type Icons
The Gradebook displays one Assignment Icon, regardless of assignment type, to note a submission that needs to be graded. A submission is noted as needing to be graded in the following conditions:
A submission has been received but has not been graded
A submission was graded but the grade was removed by the instructor
An assignment or quiz was resubmitted
A quiz was submitted in Classic Quizzes, but is not fully graded (contains questions that must be manually graded, or an auto-submitted quiz score has been deleted and needs to be reassigned); can also display if a quiz has been edited and includes major changes that affect the quiz score, such as deleting questions or deleting quiz answers, and requires a grader to manually resolve
An assignment with grades hidden from students is indicated by the Visibility icon. Additional situations apply:
When weighted assignment groups are not enabled, the total column also includes a warning icon notifying you that the grade you see differs from the grade the students see because student grades on one or more graded assignments are hidden.
If an assignment column displays the visibility icon and all cells are grayed out, the assignment is moderated. 
Note: The Assignment icon does not display for resubmitted discussions.
Grading Types
Each grading type shows up differently in the Gradebook. Here you can see how each grading type is represented:
Dash: No submission 
Number: Points grade
Check Icon: Complete grade
X Icon: Incomplete grade
Letter: Letter grade
Percentage: Percentage grade
GPA: GPA scale 
Excused: Excused assignment
Column Warning Icons
The Black Warning Icon notifies you that the final score does not include one of the assignment groups because the group has zero points possible (the warning will tell you which assignment group is affected). This icon only displays in the total column related to assignment group errors.
You can correct the assignment group warnings by making sure a weighted assignment group has an assignment worth more than zero points, or, if an assignment is supposed to have zero points, adding another assignment with more than zero points to the assignment group.
The Red Warning Icon notifies you that the entered grade is not supported in the grading scheme. Canvas will also display an invalid grade warning message when an invalid grade is entered.
Grade Detail Tray Warning Icon
The Grade Detail Tray Warning Icon displays a warning icon for assignments that are not calculated as part of the final grade. This icon displays if the Do not count this assignment towards the final grade option is selected, or if the assignment is in a weighted assignment group with no weighted percentage.
The Grade Detail Tray also reflects if assignment grades are hidden.
Visibility Icons
If you have applied a manual posting policy in a course or in an individual assignment, the Manual label will display in the Gradebook. 
The Manual label indicates that a manual posting policy is currently in place and future grades are hidden from student view or that a manual posting policy was previously used to hide grades in an assignment. If you have selected a manual posting policy for a course, all assignments that have hidden grades will display the Visibility icon.
The Visibility icon indicates that there are grades within the assignment that must be posted before they can be viewed by students.
When grades are hidden from student view, the Total column also displays the Visibility icon to indicate that the total grade in the Gradebook differs from the total grade viewed by the student.
Colors
The Gradebook includes a default set of colors that indicate various statuses for assignments:
Blue: Late submission
Red: Missing submission
Green: Resubmitted assignment or quiz
Orange: Dropped grade
Yellow: Excused assignment
Status colors in your Gradebook may vary, as you can change the status colors for each status in the Gradebook. However, you cannot change the status names.
Gradebook rows alternate white and gray shading, so some colors may seem darker if they display in a row with gray shading.
Notes: 
Depending on your institution, you may be able to apply custom gradebook statuses.
The resubmitted assignment color does not apply to resubmitted discussions.
Differentiated Assignments
When using differentiated assignments, the assignment appears as a column for all students, but grade cells are grayed out for students who are not part of the assignment and do not include a dash. Grades cannot be assigned to students who are not part of the assignment; those assignments are not factored into overall grades.
In the student grades page, students can only view assignments that have been assigned to them.
Differentiated assignments are also used in MasteryPaths.
Closed Grading Periods
If your course uses multiple grading periods, submission cells for an entire assignment in a closed grading period are grayed out in the Gradebook. Assignments in a closed grading period cannot be edited.
Disabled Columns
Some columns are completely disabled until the status of the assignment is changed. Disabled columns do not include dashes in the Gradebook cells, which indicates that grades cannot be entered, and display a gray background. 
Disabled columns are labeled for unpublished assignments and anonymous assignments. Grades cannot be entered for unpublished assignments until the assignment is published. For anonymous assignments, grade cells do not display any content, including the Needs Grading icons, until assignment grades are unhidden.
Note: Assignments that are both anonymous and moderated display as anonymous, though the Grade Detail Tray displays the assignments as being hidden. Moderated hidden assignments can be updated in the Gradebook, but any entered grades will be overwritten once final grades are posted.
Turnitin Icons
If you create a Turnitin assignment, the Gradebook displays Turnitin score icons in the Gradebook. To view details of the score, click the icon and view more details in SpeedGrader:
Gray icon: Similarity Report has not been generated yet
Color icon: Similarity Report has returned a score; the color is based on the Similarity Report percentage score
A Clock icon indicates the Similarity Report is still being generated
An Exclamation icon indicates there was an error when generating the Similarity Report
Learn more about the Turnitin Similarity Report.How do I view weekly online activity analytics in an interactive chart graph in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
View Data Status
If the course has been concluded, the analytics page includes a Concluded label.
View Course Data
The analytics page is dynamic based on filtered content. By default, all sections are displayed and cannot be removed. 
Filtered data is displayed as a chart with two rows: average page views and average participations. The following actions will generate participations:
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Assignments: submits an assignment
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Pages: creates a page
Quizzes: submits a quiz
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz
Data for the week that is currently in progress is indicated by a dotted line.
Note: The definition of participation is based on federal guidelines related to student attendance as applicable to online courses. Please note that because communication between students and teachers often happens outside of the LMS, it is not included as a participation metric. However, as part of the Course Analytics offering, a history of inbox messages sent between students and instructors is included so that it can be viewed alongside participation metrics.
Compare Course Data
For analytical comparisons, you can compare graph data by filtering a section or student.
View Resources Table
You can also view the amount of page views and participations for a specific resource in the course.
In the Resources tab, you can view the resource name, the number of students who accessed the page, the number of views for the page, and the number of participations for the page.
Message Students Who
To send a message to students who did or did not view or participate with a specified resource, click the Message button.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV zip file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
The downloaded zip file includes CSV files for chart data, student table data, and resources table data.
CSV files may display a student's full name, sortable name, week start, filters, average and total page views, average and total participations, and the resource.How do I create a new page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Add Page
Click the Add Page button.
Add Content
Enter a name for your page. 
Add links, files, images, and other content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Edit Page Settings
You can decide who can edit the page by clicking the Users allowed to edit this page drop-down menu. Options include only teachers, teachers and students, or anyone. The Anyone option only applies to users who are enrolled in the course.
You can add the page to the student to-do list by clicking the Add to student to-do checkbox. When you add a page to the student to-do, the to-do displays in the student's to-do list as well as the in the course calendar and students' course sidebar To Do list.
You can schedule when a page will be published. Enter a date and time in the Publish At field. Your page must be unpublished to schedule a publication date.
You can also notify users that content has changed by clicking the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox.
Note: If a users Course Content notification is turned off they are not notified of page updates. 
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your page, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your page, click the Save button.
Note: If you try to navigate away from a page without saving, you will generate a pop-up warning.
When your page is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button. The button will change from gray to green.
View Scheduled Page Publication
When your page is saved for scheduled publication, you can return to the page and manage the publishing of it at any time by clicking the Will publish on... button. 
You can choose between publishing the page, unpublishing the page, or scheduling the page for publication options and then click the OK button.
View Page
View the page you created.How do I enable student information system (SIS) submissions for an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Configure SIS Grade Export Settings
In the Account Settings tab, locate the SIS Grade Export Settings section.
If you want to enable all course assignments, graded discussions, and quizzes to be sent to your SIS, click the Sync Grades to SIS... checkbox. You can also apply the setting to sub-accounts by clicking the Lock this setting for sub-accounts checkbox.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I view the rubric for an assignment as an observer
Open Assignments 
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
View Rubric
Assignment rubrics display below the assignment instructions. 
Rubrics include criteria, each with a set of ratings and point values. A rubric criterion may include up to five different ratings.
Note: Depending on how the instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values the instructor may still use it to provide feedback on your assignment.
View Rubric Criteria Descriptions
Some rubric criterion may include a longer description. To view the long description, click the view longer description link.
Rubrics may also include learning outcomes used to assess learning mastery. Learning outcomes display an Outcome icon. The outcome also shows the threshold for the outcome, or the number of points a student must achieve in order to meet expectations.How do I move or reorder an assignment group as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Drag and Drop Assignment Group
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder assignment groups. Click the drag handle next to the assignment group name. Drop the assignment group in the desired location by releasing the mouse.
Move Assignment Group
You can also use the Move Group option to reorder an assignment group. Click the Options icon and select the Move Group link.
Place Assignment Group Location
In the Move Assignment Group sidebar, click the Place drop-down menu. Select the placement of the assignment group you are moving. You can move the group so it is located at the top of the page, before a specific group, after a specific group, or at the bottom of the page.
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the second drop-down menu. Select the assignment group that should be before or after the assignment group you are moving, as indicated by the option selected in the previous menu. 
If you want to move the assignment group to another location, change the sidebar placement options as needed.
Move Assignment Group
Click the Move button.How do I grade a file upload submission in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from the assignment.
Select Submission
Select the student whose submission you would like to view.
View Submission
View the submission.
Annotate Submission
Use the options in the DocViewer toolbar to leave comments directly on the student's submission.
View Word Count
View the submission's word count.
Note: Word count is only supported for PDF, RTF, TXT, and DOCX files.
Grade Submission
To grade the submission, enter a grade in the Grade field.
If you added a rubric to the assignment, you can view the rubric by clicking the View Rubric button.How do I subscribe to Live Events using Canvas Data Services as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Data Services
In Account Navigation, click the Data Services link.
Add Data Stream
To create a new data stream for your account, click the Add Stream button. 
Configure Data Stream
Enter a title for your stream in the Name/Title field. 
Select an SQS or HTTPS delivery method in the Delivery Method drop-down menu. Then enter your AWS SQS or an HTTPS endpoint URL in the URL field.
Notes: 
Only one delivery method is allowed per subscription. 
Canvas uses JWT to sign an event. If service is unavailable and Canvas cannot reach it, the events occurring during the service outage may not be delivered.
Configure Amazon SQS Data Stream
If you want to require authentication for an Amazon SQS URL, select the AWS Credentials in the Authentication field. If authentication is not required, this field can be set to the None option.
If AWS credentials are required, enter the AWS key, AWS secret, and AWS region.
Select the event format in theMessage Type field. Message type can be set to Canvas or Caliper 1.1.
Note:The Application Type field can only be set to the Data Streaming option.
Configure HTTPS Data Stream
The HTTPS delivery method includes an option to display source endpoint payload data with your data stream. To view payload data, select the Sign Payloadcheckbox.
Select the event format in theMessage Type field. Message type can be set to Canvas or Caliper 1.1.
Note:The Application Type field can only be set to the Data Streaming option.
Select Subcriptions
Select the subscriptions you want to include in your data stream. 
To search for specific events, type the event name in the Search Events field. 
To include all events in your stream, click the Subscriptions checkbox. Selecting this option includes all event types as well as user and system generated actions.
To subscribe to events triggered by an action directly performed by and end user, click the User Generated checkbox. User generated events include information about web requests, browser and user data in event metadata, and details about objects affected by the change. 
To subscribe to events triggered by asynchronous jobs, click the System Generated checkbox. System generated events include data about processes that triggered an event as well as details about objects affected by the change.
You can also subscribe to event groups. To subscribe to all items in a group, click the checkbox for the group. You can also select to include only User or System Generated data. 
To subscribe to individual events, click the Arrow icon for the subscription group and click the checkbox for the subscription you want to add.
Note: The image in this step shows subscription options for the Canvas message type. The options for the Caliper 1.1 message types are different, but the steps to subscribe are the same.
Save Data Stream
To save your data stream, click the Save & Exit button.
View Data Streams
You can view and manage your data streams on the Data Streaming Options page. How do I change the name of a course section as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Edit Section
Locate the section and click the Edit icon.
Change Section Name
To change the section name, enter a new name the text box. 
To save the changes, press the Return key (on a MAC keyboard ) or the Enter (on a PC keyboard).
View Sections
You can view the updated course sections in the same window.How do I set a time zone in my user account as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Set User Time Zone
In the Time Zone drop-down menu, select a new time zone for your user account.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Time Zone
View the time zone for your user account.How do I adjust the point value for an entire quiz using fudge points in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz you want to open.
Open SpeedGrader
In the sidebar, click the SpeedGrader link.
Select Student
In the Student drop-down menu, select the name of the student whose quiz you want to view.
Assign Fudge Points
In the Fudge Points field at the bottom of the window, enter the number of points you want to add to the overall quiz score. You can also enter negative points.
View Fudge Points
The Final Score area will show you what the final score would look like based on the number of fudge points.
Update Quiz Score
When you are ready to change the student's quiz score, click the Update Scores button.How do I view enrollments in a course section as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Course Section
Click the section name link.
View Section Enrollments
View current and completed enrollments, if any, in the section. Students are listed in alphabetical order by last name.How do I subscribe to the Calendar feed using Google Calendar as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Open Calendar Feed
In the Calendar page sidebar, click the Calendar Feed link.
Copy Calendar Feed
To copy the calendar feed link, copy the text in the URL field.
To download the feed as an ICS file, you can click the Click to view Calendar Feed link.
Log in to Google Account
In a new browser, log in to your Google Account.
Note: If you are participating in Google Apps for Education, log in to your Institution Email Account to subscribe to the Calendar Feed.
Locate Calendar
Click the Calendar link.
View Calendar
Your calendar displays your calendars and other calendars.
Add Other Calendars
Click the Other Calendars Add icon. 
To paste a copied calendar feed, click the From URL link.
To import a downloaded ICS file, click the Import link.
Add Calendar by URL
Take the copied URL from Canvas and paste it into the URL of calendar field. Click the Add Calendar button.
Add Calendar by File
To import a downloaded ICS file, click to select the file. Then click the Import button.How do I enable course self-enrollment with a join code or secret URL as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Self-Enrollment
Click the Let students self-enroll by sharing with them a secret URL or code checkbox.
Add Join the Course Link
If you want to add an enrollment link to the Course Home Page, click the Add a "Join this Course" link to the course home page checkbox.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.
View Self-Enrollment Details
Copy and share the provided secret URL.
If your institution has enabled Canvas authentication, which allows students to sign up for a Canvas account, you can also view an alternative sign-up option that includes the account URL and join code.How do I use the Learning Mastery Gradebook to view outcome results in a course as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Learning Mastery Gradebook
Click the Gradebook menu, then click the Learning Mastery Gradebook link.
View Learning Mastery Gradebook
The Learning Mastery Gradebook is organized like the assignments gradebook with the student names and sections on the left. Similar to the assignments gradebook, you can click a student's name to link to their Grades page. Each column consists of a course outcome and the outcome grade for each student. Also like the assignments gradebook, the columns can be sorted, resized, and reordered. Click an outcome column heading to sort the outcome by student name.
The Learning Mastery Gradebook also contains a sidebar that shows the outcome levels for the course. The sidebar can be minimized and expanded by toggling the gray arrow icon at the top of the sidebar. You can filter outcomes or students that have no outcome results. You can also export a report of student outcomes.
The Learning Mastery Gradebook displays 20 students per page. Use the numbered page navigation buttons to view additional students on other pages.
Note:The Hide outcomes and Hide students filters persist for the course while using the same web browser.
Switch to Individual Gradebook
The Gradebook has two views. The Learning Mastery Gradebook allows you to see all students and outcomes at the same time. The Individual Gradebook allows instructors to assess one student and one outcome at a time and is fully accessible for screen readers. Both views retain the same Gradebook settings. You can switch Gradebook views at any time. 
Learn more about the Learning Mastery Gradebook Individual View.
View Student Scores
Individual student scores within each outcome are based on outcome values. The first number indicates the score the student earned. The second number indicates the mastery threshold, which is the minimum the students need to achieve mastery for the outcome. For instance, if a student earns a score of 5/3, the student has earned 2 points above the base mastery threshold of 3 points. If a student achieves a score of 2/3, the student has not achieved enough points to reach the mastery threshold.
Note: To view scores of inactive or concluded enrollments or unassessed student scores, click the Options icon in the Students column. 
View Outcome Details
Hover over the outcome title to view a breakdown of a specific outcome. The circle graph shows how the individual student scores were divided into the outcomes criterion ratings. 
View Course Mastery Levels
Scores are color-coded to show outcomes and the level attained by each student. View the outcome levels and colors in the sidebar. To filter scores for specific learning mastery levels, click the outcome level in the sidebar.
Score levels are calculated based on half of the outcome mastery threshold. For example, if the mastery threshold is 3 points, half of 3 is 1.5. Scores between 1.6 and 2.9 are counted near mastery, while scores less than 1.5 are considered remedial. Therefore, a student score of 2/3 would be above 1.5 and count as near mastery.
Note: Outcome colors and levels can be customized for your institution by your admin.
View Course Statistics
Outcome statistics for the entire course or a course section can be viewed according to course average, course median, or course mode. Select the preferred statistic from the drop-down menu next to the score indicator for each outcome. 
The course average is calculated by adding all the earned scores then dividing the total of the mastery scores. The course mode is calculated by finding the score that occurs most often. The course median is calculated by sorting the scores in ascending order, then finding the middle score. These course statistics also display color-coded level results based on the outcome results.
Note: If an outcome is aligned to multiple items, the gradebook statistics will always generate from the student’s highest outcome score within that course.
Export Report
Click the All Sections drop-down menu to view by section. Click the Export report link to download a CSV file of the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
View Report
The student learning outcomes report will include the following columns in the CSV file:
Student Name
Student ID
Student SIS ID
[Outcome] result
[Outcome] mastery points 
Note: All learning outcomes in the Learning Mastery Gradebook will be included in the report. 
Student View
On the Student Grades page, you can choose to let each student see his or her outcome scores by clicking the Learning Mastery tab. Students can view the outcomes and expand them to view individual outcome items. 
To show students their outcome scores, visit Course Settings and open the Feature Options tab. Then enable the Student Learning Mastery Gradebook feature option. 
Notes: 
Outcome names are the same as in the Learning Mastery Gradebook unless you create a custom name for the student view. Learn to create custom Outcome names.
Students are not able to view outcome results for an assignment while it is muted.What layout options are available in the Course Home Page as an instructor
View Course Modules
Course Modules organizes the course into modules, or sections. Modules helps outline the course and shows the assignments or tasks required throughout the course. You can add modules or module items from the Modules page.
View Sidebar Items
If your Home Page is set to view Course Modules, in addition to the To Do list, the sidebar displays:
the Coming Up section, which shows the list of activities coming up in the course schedule. Coming Up items reflect activity within the next 7 days. Users can click the Calendar link to access the course calendar. 
the Recent Feedback section, which shows assignments with instructor feedback during the last four weeks (this section shows to all user roles but feedback is only displayed to students)
View Course Activity Stream
The Course Activity Stream lets users see the most recent activity and interactions for this course. It is very similar to the recent activity stream in the Dashboard but only shows content for the specific course.
View Sidebar Items
If your Home Page is set to view Course Modules, in addition to the To Do list, the sidebar displays:
the Coming Up section, which shows the list of activities coming up in the course schedule. Coming Up items reflect activity within the next 7 days. Users can click the Calendar link to access the course calendar. 
the Recent Feedback section, which shows assignments with instructor feedback during the last four weeks (this section shows to all user roles but feedback is only displayed to students)
View Pages Front Page
The Pages Front Page allows instructors to design the course home page and include links, images, or rich media. Students will be able to interact with the content added to this page. 
The Front Page is also indicated on the Pages Index Page. Students can also view Pages in Course Navigation if the Pages link is shown in the course.
Additionally, all Course Home Page layouts can show recent announcements at the top of the page. 
View Sidebar Items
If your Home Page is set to view Course Modules, in addition to the To Do list, the sidebar displays:
the Coming Up section, which shows the list of activities coming up in the course schedule. Coming Up items reflect activity within the next 7 days. Users can click the Calendar link to access the course calendar. 
the Recent Feedback section, which shows assignments with instructor feedback during the last four weeks (this section shows to all user roles but feedback is only displayed to students)
View Assignment List
The Assignment List shows the list of assignments for the course with upcoming and recent assignments at the top of the page. Users can click the link of the assignment to view more details. 
View Sidebar Items
If your Home Page is set to view the Assignments List, in addition to the To Do list, the sidebar displays:
a link to view grades in the course (students only).
the Upcoming Assignments section, which shows the list of assignments coming up in the course schedule. Upcoming Assignments items reflect activity within the next 7 days. Users can click the Calendar link to access the course calendar.
the Recent Feedback section, which shows assignments with instructor feedback during the last four weeks (this section shows to all user roles but feedback is only displayed to students).
View Syllabus
The Syllabus may include a description of course expectations or introduce the course with links, images, or other content. The Syllabus also automatically populates a calendar view of all assignments and course events as they are added or modified in the course.
The Syllabus can also be viewed in Course Navigation. 
View Sidebar Items
If your Home Page is set to view the Syllabus, in addition to the To Do list, the sidebar displays:
a mini version of the course calendar.
notice of any weighted course assignments.
the Recent Feedback section, which shows assignments with instructor feedback during the last four weeks (this section shows to all user roles but feedback is only displayed to students).
View Student View
To view the course home page layout options as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I remove an enrollment from a course section as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Course Section
Click the section name link.
Delete Enrollment
Hover over the enrollment information and click the Remove User from Section icon.
Confirm Delete
Click the OK button.How do I connect to web services outside of Canvas as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Link Services to Profile
When you register other web services with Canvas, you can integrate your account with services you already use. Each of these services also generates a contact method for other people in your course or group. 
If Profiles is enabled for your account, and you want to show any of your registered web services on your profile page, click the Let fellow course/group members... checkbox. You can select specific services to display by editing your profile.
Note: If you do not have a profile page, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Connect to Web Services
You may be able to integrate Canvas with the following web services: 
Google Drive
SkypeHow do I copy a discussion to another course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion Options
Locate the discussion you wish to copy, then click the discussion Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Type the course name or course code in the Select a Course field. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the discussion.
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. Discussions cannot be copied to a concluded course.
View Copy To Content Warning Message
When copying content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Select Location
If you wish, you can copy the discussion into a specific module and location within a course. 
Click or type a module name in the Select a Module field. Then select the module for the copied discussion.
To select a location within the module, click the Place drop-down menu. You can select to copy the discussion to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module. 
Copy Discussion
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when a discussion copies successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Discussion
Copied discussions display on the Discussions Index Page for the course into which it copied.How do I disable Canvas media uploads in the Rich Content Editor as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Disable Media Uploads
In the Settings tab, click the Disable uploads to Canvas Media from the enhanced rich content editor checkbox.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Rich Content Editor
When Canvas media uploads are disabled, users cannot access the Insert Media tool from the toolbar or menubar in the Rich Content Editor.
If the option to Disable Canvas media uploads is not selected, users can access the Insert Media tool from the toolbar or menubar in the Rich Content Editor.How do I attach a file or media comment to a message as an observer
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
To start a new message, click the Compose icon.
Add Attachment
To attach a file, click the Attachment icon.
Select File(s)
Select the file and click the Open button. 
Select Multiple Files
You can upload additional files by clicking the Attachment icon. 
If you accidentally select the wrong file, click the Delete icon to remove it or click the Attachment icon, or double click the file to select a different file. 
When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Attachment(s)
The attachments will appear below the message. To view the file, click the link.
Add Media Comment or File
To attach a media comment or file, click the Media icon.
Record Media Comment
A pop-up window will appear in your browser. 
Click the Record tab. Select your preferred media method: record with microphone only or record with webcam. When you're ready to record, click the Start Recording button.
Note: If you see a message from Adobe Flash Player and instructure.com requesting access, click the Allow button.
View Recording
Before you attach the media comment, you have the chance to review it.
 The media recorder displays the length of your current recording.
 In the title field, name your media comment.
To restart your recording, click the Start Over button.
 If you are happy with the result, click the Save Media button.
Upload Media Comment 
If you have a previously recorded media file, you can upload it as part of your message. Click the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop a media file to media uploader to upload a file from your computer.
Upload Media File
Locate the media file on your computer. Click the Open button.
Send Message
Your media comment will appear in your message. When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Media Comment
The media comment will appear below the message. Click the link to view the file.How do I edit or delete an outcome in a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome
Locate the outcome you want to modify. 
Modify Outcome
To edit an outcome, click the Edit button. Editing an outcome allows you to change non-scoring details such as the name and description. You can also edit scoring details for the outcome including the points rating or scoring method.
When you are finished with your edits, click the Save button.
To delete an outcome, click the Delete button.
View Outcome Edit Confirmation
If you edit an outcome that has been used to assess a student, Canvas displays a message notifying you that your edits will update all outcomes associated with a rubric that has not been assessed.
Click the Save button.
Note: This message only displays for outcomes you modify that have not been used to assess a student. If this confirmation message does not display, the outcome is associated with more than one rubric and edits cannot be updated.
View Assessed Outcome
If an outcome has already been used to assess a student, some modifications may affect student results.
To view any aligned items and student assessments for a particular outcome, click the name of the outcome. These assignments and rubrics may be affected when you edit the outcome.
View Scoring Edits Confirmation
If you are editing scoring details on an outcome that has been used to assess students, Canvas displays a message notifying you that your edits will affect all students previously assessed using the outcome. Scoring changes only affect a student's learning mastery score in the Learning Mastery Gradebook for the edited outcome. When scoring criteria is edited, the learning mastery values scale for assessed rubrics according to the original points possible. 
Click the Save button.How do I view reports for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Reports
Click the Reports tab. 
View Reports
The Reports page shows all available reports. Each report includes the name and a help icon that explains more about the report. You can also view the last time the report was run, if any. 
Note: The Last Run report displays in the language of the user who last ran the report.
Configure Reports
Most reports must be configured before they can be run. To configure a report, click the Configure button.
Depending on the report, report configurations may include one or several options.
Select Term
All reports except the LTI Report, Outcome Export, and User Access Tokens reports require you to select a term. In the Term drop-down menu, you can choose from the Default Term, or any active, future, or past terms. Courses with hidden assignments may not accurately reflect scores in this report.
The Grade Export, Last User Access, Student Competency, LTI Report, and User Access Tokens reports include the option to include deleted objects. Deleted objects may include deleted courses, users, or enrollments. To include deleted objects, click the Include Deleted Objects checkbox. 
Select Report Order
The Outcome Results report allows you to choose how to order the report. Ordering options are by Users, Courses, or Outcomes. By default, the report orders by Users. Select the radio button for your preferred report order. 
Select CSV Files
The Provisioning and SIS Export reports ask you to select the CSV files you want to generate for a selected term. Select the checkboxes next to the files you want to generate. Files can be generated for Users, Accounts, Terms, Courses, Sections, Enrollments, Groups, Group memberships, Group categories, Cross-listing (X list), User Observers, and Admins. 
If you want to only view data created by your SIS, select the Created by SIS checkbox. Otherwise, the CSV files display all data created in your Canvas account, including information created by SIS and through the interface.
To include concluded courses or deleted objects in the report, click the Include Deleted Objects checkbox.
Note: The selected term only impacts Courses, Sections, Enrollments, and Cross-listing CSV files.
Select Dates and Enrollment State
The Students with no Submissions report asks you to select a start date and end date for the report. You can either select a date by clicking each respective date's calendar icon, or you can enter the date directly in the date field. 
You may also choose to include the enrollment state in the report by clicking the Include Enrollment State checkbox. In the Enrollment State drop-down menu, select all enrollments or only active enrollments. 
Select Start Date
The User Course Access Log and Zero Activity reports ask you to select a start date for the report. You can either select a date by clicking the calendar icon, or you can enter the date directly in the date field. 
Note: A maximum of two years' data will be retrieved in the User Course Access Log report. If a user had access to a course over two years prior, a message displays but details cannot be provided.
Select Enrollment Type
The User Course Access Log report allows you to choose to include all or individual enrollment types. In the Enrollment Type drop-down menu, select all enrollments, student enrollments, teacher enrollments, TA enrollments, observer enrollments, or designer enrollments.
Select Course Scores
The SIS Submission Report allows you to include course scores. Click the Include course scores checkbox. By default, the SIS Submission Report does not include course scores.
Note: The SIS Submission Report may only display for institutions that have authenticated Canvas to post grades to their SIS.
Filter ePortfolio Data
The ePortfolio Report allows you to filter the data displayed in the report.
To only display ePortfolios from users without enrollments in your Canvas account, click the Only include ePortfolios from users with no enrollments checkbox.
To only display removed ePortfolios, click the Only include ePortfolios that have been removed checkbox.
Run Report
When you have finished configuring a report, click the Run Report button.
Download Report
When a report is complete and is available for download, click the Download icon. The file will download to your computer. How do I create a recurring event in a calendar as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From and To fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From and To fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
If a location is required, enter a location for the event. 
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the calendar you want to add the event to.
Add Event Frequency
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can select from multiple recurring options, including no repeat, daily, weekly, monthly, annually, every weekday, or a custom frequency.
Notes: Each frequency selection has an occurrence default:
daily = 365 (days in a year)
weekly = 52 (weeks in a year)
monthly = 12 (months in a year)
annually = 5 (The event will occur for five years)
every weekday = 52 * 5 (weeks in a year * weekdays)
Additionally, users can have a maximum of 400 occurrences.
Add Event Custom Frequency
To create a custom recurring event, select how often the event repeats, which day(s) it repeats on, and when it ends. Click the Done button.
Submit Event
Click the Submit button.
View Events
View the events in your calendar. 
Remember, once created, duplicate events are not linked together and are independent events. Therefore, if you need to modify an event, each event has to be edited individually.What is the Teacher role
Teacher Role Use
Teachers may create course materials, view course data, and access and manage all areas of a Canvas course. For example, an instructor may be added to a course with the Teacher role to lead a course. 
The main uses of the Teacher role are to allow a user to: 
Create and modify course content
Moderate and submit grades
Manually invite others to the course
Communicate with course participants
Access course analytics and student data
Monitor and moderate the participation and interactions of all enrolled users in a course
When a user manually creates a course, Canvas automatically enrolls that user as a Teacher in the course. A teacher may also be enrolled in a course manually by an administrator or automatically by SIS import.
Teacher Access in Canvas
By default, instructors with the Teacher role may access all areas of a Canvas course. However, these permissions may vary among institutions. To learn more about Teacher participation in Canvas, visit the Canvas Instructor Guide. 
A Teacher can: 
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Add, edit, and delete assignments, quizzes, course files and pages, and all other course content
Add, edit, and delete items in a course calendar, including Scheduler appointments
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Create, view, and post to course announcements and discussions
Create and edit rubrics
Create conferences and student collaborations 
Create, edit, and delete course sections and student groups
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
Read SIS data
Send messages to other course users and to all members of a course
View all student group pages for a course 
View and comment on student submissions
View and link to question banks
View and manage course enrollments, including the enrollment of other teachers, course designers, teacher assistants, and students
View course analytics
View grade audit trail
View, moderate, and edit all grades
View usage reports for a course
A Teacher cannot: 
Create a Blueprint course
Change the associated course term
Masquerade as another user in a course
Set up third party authentication for a course
Unconclude a course
Upload student enrollments via SIS imports
View course change logs
Teacher Role Limitations
Teachers cannot modify availability of any of the above permissions. Only administrators can modify access to these functions. 
Teachers can only create, modify, and moderate content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Only users with administrative permissions may import SIS data. Teachers cannot import SIS data. How do I create a group as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Groups
Click the Groups tab.
Or, to access groups through the Options menu, click the Options icon and then click the View User Groups link.
Add Group
Click the Add Group button.
Enter Group Name
Name the group by entering a name in the Group Name field.
Choose Group Membership Option
Determine who can join the group by clicking the Joining drop-down menu.
To allow anyone in the course to join the group, select the Course members are free to join option. 
To allow only specific people to join the group, select the Membership by invitation only option.
Invite Students
You can send group invitations to specific students. To invite a student, click in the empty Invite Students search field or enter a one or more letters of the student's first name. Then select a student name from the list. 
To invite multiple students, repeat this process.
Notes:
If you set the group membership option so that anyone can join, but you select only a few of the students to invite to the group, the remaining students who were not invited can see the group in the student group list and can still join the student group. 
If you set the group membership option as invitation only, students who were not invited cannot see the group in the student group list. 
To add a new student to a group at a later time, contact your instructor for assistance. Your instructor can add or remove students, or your instructor can make you the student group leader so that you can manage the group membership.
View Invited Students
In the Invite Students field, view invited student names.
To remove a student name, click the Remove icon.
Save Group
To create the group, click the Submit button.
View Group
The new group you created is listed in your course groups.
To open Group details, click the Visit link.
Edit Group Details
If you need to change the group name, click the Edit Group button. 
To switch between groups you have created, click the Select Group drop-down menu. How do I duplicate an individual question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To duplicate a question from an item bank, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
View Question
Locate the question you want to copy in your quiz.
Notes:
Duplicating a stimulus question type is not currently supported.
Duplicating questions from item banks is not currently supported. However, individual questions added to a quiz from an item bank can be duplicated, but the copy will not be added to the item bank.
Copy Question
To copy the question, click the Copy icon.
Edit Copied Question
You can edit the copied question to change question content or options.
View Copied Question
View your copied question.How do I attach a file to an announcement in a course as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Edit Announcement
Click the Edit button. 
Attach File
Click the Choose File button.
Browse for File
Choose the file you want to attach. To attach the file to the Announcement, click the Open button. 
Save Announcement
Click the Save button.
View Announcement
View the attachment in the announcement.How do I send a message to all course users in the Inbox as an instructor
Open Inbox
In Global Navigation, click the Inbox link.
Compose Message
Click the Compose icon.
Select Course
Click the Course drop-down menu, and select your course.
Open Address Book
Click the Address Book icon.
Select All Users in Course
Select the option for all users in the course.
Select User Role
To send a message to all members with a specific user role, click the name of that role and then click the link for all users with that role.
Select Group
To send a message to all members with a specific group, click the Student Groups option, click the name of the group, and then click the link for all users in the group.
Send Message
In the subject line field, enter a subject line for your message.
If you are sending your message to multiple users, but you do not want each user to see who else was included in the message, click the Send an individual message to each recipient checkbox. If your message includes over 100 recipients (including you as the sender), this checkbox will be selected by default.
In the message field, type your message. All content is sent in plain text. Note that if you include a URL in your message, the URL will automatically become a clickable link after you send the message.
If you want to include an attachment or media file, click the Attachment or Media File buttons.
When you are finished, click the Send button.
View Message
Your message will appear at the top of your Sent folder. When someone replies to your message, the message will be shown in the Inbox.
Note: You can reply to the recipient or reply-all to everyone in the class.How do I take a quiz where I can only view one question at a time in New Quizzes as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
To open an quiz, click the title of a quiz.
View Quiz
From the quiz page, you can view the title, introduction, time limit, and due date. You can also view the amount of attempts allowed and previous attempts of the quiz.
Note: If the quiz you are accessing displays differently, your instructor may have used the Classic Quizzes tool to create the quiz. Functionality may differ between these quiz types. For help with viewing one quiz question at a time, please see How do I take a quiz where I can only view one question at a time?
View Backtracking Warning
If your instructor has disabled backtracking in your quiz, a warning message displays in the quiz page. The message states that the quiz is delivered one question at a time and going back to previously answered questions is not allowed.
Enter Access Code
If your quiz includes an access code, enter the code in the Access Code field. To display a masked access code, click the Show access code checkbox. Then click the Submit button.
Begin Quiz
To begin taking a quiz, click the Begin button.
View Next Question
Each question displays one at a time. To advance through the quiz, click the Next button.
View Previous Question
If your instructor did not disable backtracking and allows you to return to prior questions, you can click the Previous button to check your answers or return to questions you left blank.
Open Question Navigator
You can also use the Question Navigator to move between questions in a quiz. To open the Question Navigator, click the Expand icon.
Note: If you cannot view the Question Navigator, your instructor has disabled backtracking in your quiz.
View Question Navigator
To jump to a specific question, click the question in the Question Navigator. To pin a question to review later, click the Pin icon.
Answered questions are highlighted in blue text. Unanswered questions are indicated by white text.
View Pinned Questions
All pinned questions will display in the Pinned Questions section of the Question Navigator. To view a pinned question, click the name of the question.
Open Calculator
To open the on-screen calculator, click the Calculator icon.
Note: If the Calculator icon doesn't display on the question, your instructor has not enabled calculators.
Use Calculator
Your instructor may enable a basic calculator or a scientific calculator. To use the calculator, click the number and function buttons or type numbers and functions using your keyboard.
To clear a calculation, click the Clear button.
View your calculation and results in the results field
Close the calculator by clicking the Close button. Calculations are saved if you close the calculator window.
To move the calculator around the browser window, click and drag the calculator header.
The scientific calculator includes additional buttons for more advanced functionality.
Click the Rad/Deg toggle to switch between Radian and Degree mode.
Submit Quiz
To submit the quiz, click the Submit button. To return to Canvas and resume the quiz at a later time, click the Return button.Open Discussions
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
Like Discussion Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
View Liked Discussion
The Like icon will change color, indicating you have liked the reply.
The Like icon also displays the total number of times a reply has been liked.How do term dates, course dates, and section dates work in Canvas
View Term Details
In the Terms page, administrators can view term dates. Term dates define a fixed period of time for an institution where users can participate in a course. Term dates can also be used for semesters, trimesters, or quarters. In this example, the term runs from July 2, 2018, to December 23, 2018.
Administrators have control over when specific users can participate in the courses. Unless otherwise specified, Students inherit the term start and term end date, while Teachers, TAs and Designers dates inherit a whenever start date to the term end date. Whenever means that these user roles can always access a course before the term begins.
Note: Instructors and students cannot view the Terms page. However, instructors can view term dates in Course Settings. Admins should make sure instructors and students are aware of term dates for their institution publicly, such as through a course catalog, website posting, or other distribution method.
Warning about End Term Dates
Again, in the example about access dates, the ending dates would be as follows:
Instructors (teachers) can access courses until 12:00 am on December 31, 2018 (last full day is December 30).
Everyone else with a term end date can access courses until 12:00 am on December 23, 2018 (last full day is December 22).
When a term has concluded, associated courses are placed in a read-only (archived) state. Read-only means that a course is not available for submitting assignments, posting discussions, uploading files, grading, or any other action-based task within a course. 
Note: Canvas currently does not generate a warning about term dates as it does for course dates.
View Future Enrollments
Once a user is added to a course, terms set default dates for when users have access to courses assigned to that term. Access relates to published courses.
If a course is unpublished or does not include a link, students cannot have access to any course content until the start date of the term. 
If a course is published, students are able to view content before the start of the term. However, they cannot fully participate in the course, such as submitting an assignment or contributing to a discussion topic. On the start date of the term, students can fully participate in the course. 
Some institutions may choose to publish their courses on the same day as the term start date, so prior access to course content is not an issue. However, some prefer to allow instructors to publish their own courses ahead of the term start date and restrict student access to the course completely before the course begins. Students can also be restricted from being able to view a course after it has ended.
View Course Dates
Courses may be assigned to the Default Term or a specific term. By default, course dates default to the term dates. However, course dates can be set to override the term dates or compliment the term dates. Both admins and instructors can manage these dates.
To override the term dates, select the Course option from the Participation dropdown. Course participation dates can be set within the term or extend past the term. Adding a course participation start or end date adds or removes the course to or from the Card View Dashboard (if the course is marked as favorite), and students can still participate in the course by accessing their Courses list until the end of the term. The course is in a read-only state for students and observers outside of the course participation dates.
For example, if the term dates were August 31 to December 20, the instructor could set access to the course a week later and end the course a week earlier. By shortening the course participation start and end dates, students will only have read-only access to the course before and after those dates. The instructor can still manage course content and grades before the term end date set for instructors.
Admins and instructors can also change student access settings to allow or restrict students from viewing the course before the start or end date.
Notes: 
If a course participation end date is set to midnight, a warning message displays.
Course dates determine placement in a student's Courses list (past, current, or future enrollment).
View Section Dates
The Section dates are the most mobile. Sections can be moved from term to term or course to course. If section enrollments need to be moved, such as for cross-listing a section into another course, section enrollments should be moved before students submit any coursework, as course participation cannot be transferred across sections. 
Section dates default to the course dates, unless you also set up section override dates. 
Override dates are only created if the Student Participation checkbox is selected as part of creating section start and end dates (both dates are required).
Sections can have various start and end dates. For example, Section 2 could be set with a start date of September 26, 2018, and an end date of December 14, 2018. Sections within the same course can share course material and have varied due dates.How do I create a new page in my ePortfolio section as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize/Manage Pages
Click the Organize/Manage Pages link.
Add Another Page
Click the Add Another Page link.
Add Page
Type the name of the new page in the page name field and press Return (on a Mac keyboard) or Enter (on a PC keyboard).
Manage Page
You can edit your ePortfolio pages in the menu.
To rename a page, click the name of the page and type the new name in the field.
To reorder a page, hover over the page name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location.
View Page Settings
You can also edit your ePortfolio pages through the Settings menu. 
To rename a page, click the Rename link. To delete a page, click the Delete link. To move a page, click the Move to... link.
Save Page
Click the Done Editing button.
Add Page Content
To add content to your page, click the name of the page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button.
Add Content
You can add content to your ePortfolio in several different ways. You can add Rich Text Content, HTML/Embedded Content, Course Submissions, or Image/File Uploads. 
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as an instructor
View Account
To view your user information, click the Account link. A menu will expand and display links to access your user settings, notification settings, personal files, and ePortfolios (if enabled). If your institution has enabled Profiles, you can access your profile. 
You can also use the Account link to log out of Canvas.
View Dashboard
The Dashboard is the landing page after a user logs in to Canvas. The Dashboard can be toggled to a course view or recent activity view and shows notifications for all current Canvas courses.
View Courses
To view your courses, click the Courses link. The Courses menu is organized by published courses and unpublished courses.
The Courses menu also displays your favorite courses. If no courses are selected as favorites, the course list displays all current courses. 
To view a course, click the name of the course. 
If a course includes term dates, the name of the term displays as part of the course listing. If a course includes a SIS ID, the SIS ID displays after the term.
To customize your courses list or view all your Canvas courses, click the All Courses link.
View Groups
If you are enrolled in Groups, view your groups in the Groups link. A menu expands and displays all groups in current courses where you are enrolled. 
To view a group, click the name of the group. To view all your groups, click the All Groups link.
Note: Groups cannot be customized in the drop-down menu. 
View Calendar
To view your Calendar, click the Calendar link.
View Inbox
To view your Conversations Inbox, click the Inbox link. Conversations is the Canvas messaging system where you can communicate with other users in your courses. The number of new messages are shown as part of the Inbox icon.
View History
To view your recent Canvas course page view history, click the History link. Recent History displays up to three weeks of your Canvas course page view history. 
View Commons
If you are an instructor and your institution is participating in Canvas Commons, you can access Commons with the Commons link.
View Help
To get help with Canvas, click the Help link. Select the help option that is relevant to your needs.
Note: Depending on your user role and institution settings, the Help menu may display different options. 
Collapse Global Navigation Menu
To expand or collapse the Global Navigation menu, click the Arrow icon.
The Global Navigation Menu will be automatically collapsed for tablet screens.How do I like a reply in a course discussion in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
Like Discussion Reply
Locate the reply and click the Like icon.
View Liked Discussion
The Like icon will fill in, indicating you have liked the reply.
The Like icon also displays the total number of times a reply has been liked.How do I assign a quiz to an individual student as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link. 
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
Enter Quiz Details
Enter a name and description for your quiz, as well as any other quiz options.
Assign to Student
By default, Canvas will set your quiz for everyone in your course. To create the quiz for a specific student, click the Everyone remove icon, then start to type in the name of a student. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable. 
You can include more than one student in the To field as long as the students are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Note: If students have already taken the quiz and you remove Everyone from the Assign to field, attempts and scores for those students will be removed from the quiz. If students have already taken the quiz, you should add individual students using the Add button instead of removing Everyone from the Assign to field.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the quiz is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the quiz will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the quiz will no longer be available.
Note: Beneath the Due Date and Availability date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for a quiz, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add another student with a different due date and availability dates, click the Add button. 
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish 
If you are ready to publish your quiz, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your quiz and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
If you do not add course sections to the assignment, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add those sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add additional sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if Everyone or all course sections are assigned to the assignment.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the quiz, Canvas generates an error notification. Examples of invalid entries include not unlocking the quiz before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the quiz again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the quiz against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the quiz date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 
View Quiz Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the quiz.
View Quizzes Page
On the Quizzes Index Page, the quiz shows there are multiple users and dates assigned to the quiz. Hover over the text to view date availability.How do I embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as a student
00:00:How do I embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as a student?
00:05:Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
00:11:Click the Image icon.
00:14:To view images saved in your Canvas user files, select the User Images option.
00:20:Alternatively, you can embed images from the menubar. Click the Insert link.
00:25:Navigate to view the Image options, then select the User Images option.
00:31:By default, when embedding an image in the Rich Content Editor, the Add menu displays image files from your selected source.
00:39:To change the image file source, click the Source drop-down menu.
00:44:To sort image files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
00:51:To search for an image, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
01:00:Click the image file to embed.
01:03:View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor. You can also edit the size of the image and add alt tags for improved accessibility.
01:12:Click the Reply or Save button.
01:15:View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.
01:19:This guide shows how to embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as a student.
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Embed Images from Toolbar
Click the Image icon. To view images saved in your Canvas user files, select the User Images option. 
Note: To view the Images icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Embed Images from Menubar
Alternatively, you can embed images from the menubar. Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Image options, then select the User Images option. 
Select Image File
By default, when embedding an image in the Rich Content Editor, the Add menu displays image files from your selected source. To change the image file source, click the Source drop-down menu. 
To sort image files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu. To search for an image, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Click the image file to embed.
Note: The image will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Image
View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor. You can also edit the size of the image and add alt tags for improved accessibility. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I manage question banks in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Question Banks
In Account Navigation, click the Question Banks link.
Edit Question Bank
To change the name of the question bank, click the Edit icon. 
To edit, add, or delete questions from the question bank, click the question bank name 
Bookmark Question Bank
Click the Bookmark icon. Question banks that are already bookmarked show a white x in the bookmark icon.
View Bookmarked Banks
To view bookmarked question banks, click the View Bookmarked Banks button.
Delete Question Bank
Click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button to delete the question bank.How do I view and sort discussion replies in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
View Discussion
Discussions include a discussion topic and discussion replies. In the topic field, you can view the number of unread and replies are in a discussion. 
You can also receive notifications for discussion activity by subscribing to the discussion. To subscribe to a discussion, click the Subscribe icon. You are automatically subscribed to any discussions you create or reply to. To unsubscribe, click the Unsubscribe icon. 
Note: Notifications from subscribed discussions are based on your notification settings.
View Toolbar
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies.
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the View Inline button.
o view the count of unread replies for each group discussion, click the Group List button. Click the group link to view the group replies.
View Anonymous Discussion Message
If the anonymous discussion option is enabled for the discussion, a message displays noting that student names and profile pictures are hidden, however your name and profile picture is visible to all course members. 
Note: If there are no discussion submissions, you can edit the anonymity details.
View Replies
In discussion replies, you can view the name of the user who posted the reply, the date and time their reply was posted, and the date and time the last threaded reply was posted.
Unread replies are indicated by the Unread icon.
If you allow students to like replies in a discussion, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the discussion. 
Note: If the anonymous discussion option is enabled for the discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. However, as an instructor, your name and profile picture is visible to all course members.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to the discussion topic, click the Reply button. To reply to a discussion reply, click the Reply link.
View Reply Options
To view the Options menu for a reply, click the Options icon.
To mark a reply as unread, click the Mark Post as Unread option.
To return to the main discussion topic, click the Go To Topic option.
To edit a reply, click the Edit option. 
To delete a reply, click the Delete option.
To view a graded discussion reply in SpeedGrader, click the Open in SpeedGrader option.
To report a reply, click the Report option.
View Deleted Reply
You can view the name of the user who deleted a reply and the date and time the reply was deleted.
View Reply History
If students are allowed to edit their discussion posts, you can view the edit history of their post. 
To view the history, click the View History link.
In the Edit History window, you can view any version with the date and time stamp of the student's post. To expand all of the versions, click the Expand all button. 
To return to the discussion, click the Close button.
View Threaded Reply Options
To view the Options menu for a threaded reply, click the Options icon.
To view the original post in a threaded reply, click the Go to Parent option.
To report a reply, click the Report option.How do I add a rubric in a course as an instructor
Open Rubrics
In Course Navigation, click the Rubrics link.
Add Rubric
Click the Add Rubric button.
Add Title
In the Title field, add a title for the rubric. This title identifies the rubric so it can be easily associated with an assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Edit Criterion Description
The rubric includes one default criterion entry. To edit the criterion description, click the Edit icon.
Note: Currently criterion cannot be reordered after they are added to a rubric. If you want to display criterion in a specific order, make sure you create them in the order that you prefer. 
Enter Descriptions
Enter a short description for the criterion in the Description field. To add a longer description to the criterion, enter a longer description. The longer description provides students more information about the criterion. Click the Update Criterion button.
Select Range
By default, rubric ratings are created as individual point values. If you want to create a point range instead, click the Range checkbox. Ranges allow you to assign a rating for a range of point options instead of just one point value. 
When enabled, the first rating (full marks) shows the total point value in a range format. Each rating displays a maximum and minimum point value. For each rating, the maximum value is assigned as the point value. 
Except for the range value display, criterion ranges function the same way as individual point ratings. For instance, a range that includes a maximum of five points and a minimum of three points is assigned the full point value of five points. 
Edit Total Point Value
Rubric ratings default to 5 points, awarding 5 points for full rubric marks and 0 points for no rubric marks.
If you want to adjust the total point value of the criterion, enter the number of points in the Points field. The first rating (full marks) updates to the new total point value and any incremental ratings adjust appropriately.
Add Ratings
To add a new rating for the criterion, click the Add icon.
Update Rating
In the Edit Rating window, complete the rating criterion description. By default, the Rating Score field displays the point value between the two existing ranges. To change the point value for the rating score, enter the new point value in the Rating Score field. Points can be whole (1, 5, 10) or decimal (0.3, 0.5, 2.75) numbers. However, if you are using a range, point values should be whole numbers.
In the Rating Title field, enter a title for the rating.
In the Rating Description field, enter a description for the rating.
Click the Update Rating button.
Manage Criterion
To edit a rating, click the Edit icon. Editing a specific rating value affects the full point value for the criterion. If you adjust the point value of a rating, the value of all ratings will adjust and create the updated point value for the criterion. 
To delete a rating, click the rating's Delete icon. Note that you cannot delete the first and last rating for the criterion.
To delete the entire criterion, click the criterion Delete icon. 
Add Criterion
To add another criterion, click the Add Criterion link. To create a new criterion, click the New Criterion option. To duplicate an existing criterion, click the name of the criterion you want to duplicate.
To find an outcome to align with the rubric, click the Find Outcome link. 
Note: Outcomes cannot be edited directly in a rubric.
Create Rubric
Click the Create Rubric button.
View Rubric
View the new rubric.
To edit the rubric, click the Edit icon. To delete the rubric, click the Delete icon.
Note: Deleting a rubric will completely remove the rubric from the available rubrics listed in any of your courses. Deleting a rubric cannot be undone.Syllabus (Instructors)
In this video, you will learn how to create a new Canvas course, import course content using the Course Import Tool, and edit your course syllabus.
Last updated 2023-06-02
View the script for this video
To view subtitles for this video, click the button in the toolbar.
Video overviews reflect current feature functionality in Canvas; they are updated based on workflow changes, not on minor or non-functional interface enhancements. Depending on your institution's Canvas theme, the Canvas interface may display differently than shown in this video, but the functionality is the same.
Syllabus (Instructors) Video Script
In this video, you will learn how to create and edit your course syllabus.
For an overview of all assignments and events in your course and to provide an overview of course requirements, click the Syllabus link in Course Navigation. The Syllabus page displays three sections: the description, the sidebar, and the course summary.
You can edit the description to include course requirements, provide links to additional resources, and include other important information about the course. To edit the description, click the Edit button and edit content using the Rich Content Editor. By default, the Course Summary is enabled. To hide the Course Summary, uncheck the Show Course Summary checkbox. To publish the updated syllabus, click the Update Syllabus button.
The Course Summary section displays a list of all course assignments and events. You can change assignment and event dates using the Assignments or Calendar links, or you can click the event or assignment name in the Course Summary list to access and modify the item. Any date changes are automatically updated in the Syllabus.
The sidebar displays the course calendar and a breakdown of the course’s assignment group weights, if assignments are weighted. Dates highlighted on the calendar indicate event and assignment due dates in the course. Hover over or click the highlighted course calendar date to view the corresponding assignment or event in the Course Summary. Similarly, hovering over a title in the course summary list highlights the item date in the calendar.Thanks for watching this Syllabus overview video. To learn more about Canvas, ask questions, or engage with other Canvas users, please visit community.canvaslms.com.How do I embed an image in a discussion reply in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion title.
Write Reply
Create a new discussion entry by clicking the Reply button.
Add Image from Toolbar
To add an image from the toolbar, click the Image icon.
To upload new images from your computer or a URL, select the Upload Image option.
To embed images from your user files, select the User Images option.
Note: To view the Image icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Add Image from Menubar
You can also add an image using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload an image using the menubar, click the Insert menu, and select the Image option. To upload new images from your computer or a URL, select the Upload Image option, or to embed images from your user files, select the User Images option.
Upload Image from Computer
By default, the Upload Image window displays the Computer tab. To upload a file from your computer, click or drag and drop an image file to the image uploader. Or, click the image uploader and select a file from your computer.
Note: Images uploaded from your computer are added to your user files.
Select File
If you click to upload a file, select the image file and click the Open button.
You can learn about supported image file types.
View Selected File
Preview the image file name and the image. 
Note: To remove the image and select a different image, click the Delete icon. 
Embed Image from URL
To embed an image using a URL, click the URL tab. 
Enter the URL in the File URL field. 
Manage Usage Rights
If required by your institution, you need to select usage right settings for your image.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of the five usage right options:
I hold the copyright: original content created by you
I have obtained permission to use this file: authorized permission by the author
The material is in the public domain: explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws: excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education
The material is licensed under Creative Commons: this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Manage Image Attributes
To add Alt Text to your image, type an alternative text description or text tags in the Alt Text field. By default, the Alt Text field displays the image file name. Alt text is read by screen readers, and it displays when an embedded image cannot display.
If the image is decorative and does not require alt text, click the Decorative Image checkbox.
By default, the Embed Image display option is selected for embedded images.
To display the image file link, select the Display Text Link display option. The file link will replace the image in the Rich Content Editor.
Embed Image
To embed your selected image, click the Submit button.
Note: The image flashes before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Image
View your uploaded image in the Rich Content Editor. You can also add or modify alt text tags and manage the image display options. 
Post Reply
Click the Reply button.
View Discussion Reply
View your discussion reply.How do I connect to Skype as a web service in Canvas as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Register Skype
In the Other Services section, click the Skype button.
Log in to Skype
Enter your Skype name in the Skype name field. Click the Save Skype Name button.
Skype will now appear under the Registered Services heading in your Canvas settings.How do I align an outcome to a quiz question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To align an outcome to a quiz question, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Edit Question
To edit the question, click the Edit icon.
Note: You can also edit the question by clicking anywhere in the body of the question.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Select Outcome
The Attached Outcomes page displays course-level outcomes. You can also view account-level outcomes if they have been added to the course. 
To attach an outcome to your quiz question, browse outcomes using the Outcome Picker. You can also search outcomes by typing in the Search Outcomes field.
Click the checkbox next to the outcome you want to attach.
View a list of all selected outcomes. To remove a selected outcome, click the Remove icon or deselect the outcome checkbox.
To apply your selected outcomes, click the Confirm Alignments button.
Note: When the permission Item Bank - share with sub-account is enabled, you can add outcomes from different sub-accounts. 
View Outcome
View your aligned outcome. To view outcome details, click the name of the outcome.
To remove the outcome from the question, click the Delete icon. To add another outcome, click the Add button.
View Outcome Details
The details of an outcome include outcome ratings and mastery level.How do I compare the weekly online activity data table with a section or student filter in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
Filter Data
Click the Filter field. Type the name of a section or student. Canvas will populate all matching results. 
When the item displays in the menu, click the item name.
You can also click the Filter field and scroll to locate and select a section or student. 
View Additional Filters
To add another filter, locate the additional filter. The Filter field supports up to three filters. The All Sections filter cannot be removed.
View Filtered Results
The added filter displays in the analytics results. Each filter is identified by a specific color.
Each filter and color are displayed on the side of the table. Each filter displays its data on a single row.
When viewing filters, the default shape for each color is a circle, but you can choose to enable shapes for improved contrast by clicking the Chart Options icon and selecting the Display Shapes option.
View Data Comparison
To view specific data for a specific result, click the data percentage in the table.
View Data Tray
In the data tray, you can view expanded details for the data point including the date range, the last time analytics were updated, the current filter view, total page views, total participations, and the student and resources tables.
To download a CSV of the data, click the Download CSV link.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV zip file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
The downloaded zip file includes CSV files for chart data, student table data, and resources table data.
CSV files may display a student's full name, sortable name, week start, filters, average and total page views, average and total participations, and the resource URL path.How do I add accommodations for a student in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To preview a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Moderate Quiz
In New Quizzes, click the Moderate tab.
Open Accommodation Settings
Find the student you want to apply accommodations for. Then click the Edit icon.
Select Time Adjustment
In the Time adjustments menu, select the time adjustment option you want to give the student.
Give Additional Time
To add additional time, select the Give additional time option in the time adjustments menu. Then use the Hours and Minutesfields to add additional time.
Remove Time Limit
To remove the time limit, select the Remove Time Limit (unlimited) option in the time adjustments menu.
Add Time Limit Multiplier
To add a time limit multipler, select the Time limit multiplier option in the time adjustments menu. Then enter the multiplier in the Time limit multiplier field.
Save Accommodations
Click the Save button.
View Accommodations
View the student's accommodations in the Accommodations column. This column displays the cumulative effect of accommodations and moderation timer settings.How do I manually assign peer reviews for an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment 
Click the name of the assignment.
Open Peer Reviews
Under Related Items in the sidebar, click the Peer Reviews link.
Manually Assign Peer Reviews
Below the name of a student, click the Add link.
Select Student
Click the Select Student drop-down menu.
Select the peer you would like the student to review. Remember, a student cannot review themselves. Click the Add button.
View Assigned Peer Reviews
Assigned peer reviews appear underneath the student names. A check markindicates a peer review as been completed. A warning icon indicates a peer review still needs to be completed.
Note: A student's peer review is considered complete after they comment on the submission. If a rubric has been added to the assignment, they must also fill out that rubric.
Manage Peer Review
You can also remind students who still need to complete their assigned peer review(s). Peer review reminders are sent as notifications.
To send a reminder, hover your mouse over the assigned peer review and click the Reminder icon. To cancel a peer review, click the Delete icon. 
To manually assign or reassign a peer review, click the Give [student name] another submission to assess link. How do I submit a text entry assignment in a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
In the Choose a submission type section, select the Text option.
If your instructor only allows Text Entry submissions, the Rich Content Editor may display in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Text option does not display in the Choose a submission type section, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Draft Text Entry
Enter your assignment submission text in the Rich Content Editor.
To format your text or insert content, use the Rich Content Editor menubar or toolbar
View the word count in the Editor Status bar.
Add Media
As part of your text entry assignment submission, you can record media, upload a media file from your computer, or upload a media file from your user files by clicking the Media icon. 
You can also embed images from Canvasand from the web in your text entry assignment submission by clicking the Image icon. Canvas also allows you to embed images from your user files.
To insert media or images, you can also use the Insert menu in the menubar.
Note: You may need to click the Options icon to view the Record/Upload Media and Images icons in the toolbar.
Submit Text Entry
Your work automatically saves as an assignment draft. 
To submit your text entry draft, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays in a read-only format.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.How do I use Live Events with the Data Services Portal as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Data Services
In Account Navigation, click the Data Services link.
View Data Services
By default, Data Services opens to the Settings page. In Data Services Settings, you can view and manage a list of all your account data streaming options. 
To view data services documentation, click the Documentation tab. 
View Data Streaming Options
View your current data streams. The Data Streaming Options table displays the name and status of your streams. Inactive streams display the Inactive status label. Active streams do not display a label.
Add Data Stream
To add a new data stream, click the Add button.
Manage Data Stream Options
To manage options for a data stream, click the stream's Options icon. To edit the stream, click the Edit link. To duplicate the stream, click the Duplicate link. To deactivate the stream, click the Deactivate link.
Note: Inactive subscriptions are only displayed for 90 days.
Reactivate Data Stream
To reactivate a deactivated stream, click the Reactivate link.How do I escalate an SIS case to SIS Support in the Field Admin Console as an admin
Open Case
In the Field Admin Console, click the Cases tab. Then click the case number link of the case you need to escalate.
Escalate to SIS Support Team
To escalate a case to the SIS support team, click the SIS Escalation tab. 
Notes: 
Cases unrelated to SIS issues must be escalated to the Canvas support team. 
If the SIS Escalation tab does not display, you may need to click the More tab. If the option still does not display, please contact your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
Submit Case Escalation
Answer each of the questions in the SIS case form.
To add an attachment to the case, drag and drop files or click the Upload Files button.
To escalate the case to the SIS support team, click the Submit button.How do I create and add users to an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Add User
Click the Add People button.
Add User Details
Complete the following fields:
Full Name is used for grading, SIS imports, and other administrative items.
Display Name is the what other users will see in discussions, announcements, etc. The user can set his or her own display name if the setting is enabled.
Sortable Name is the user's last name, first name default. This name appears in sorted lists and admins can search for it.
Email is used as the user's default email address in Canvas. Emails are used to send course notifications.
SIS ID is the SIS ID of the user. This field is only used for institutions using SIS imports and only displays to you if you have the correct account-level SIS permissions. 
Email the user about this account creation is an option to send the user an email about his or her new account. This option is selected by default. If you do not want the user to be notified about the account, deselect this checkbox.
Add User
Click the Add User button.How do I link to a document from Canvas in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of the file, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear.
To insert a hyperlink to a course content item, select the text for your hyperlink. 
Open Documents
In the toolbar, click the Documents icon. To view the Documents icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
To view course documents, click the Course Documents option. To view your user documents, click the User Documents option.
If you open the Rich Content Editor from a group, you can view uploaded group documents by clicking the Group Documents option.
View and Sort Files
By default, the Add menu displays all files in your selected file source. 
To sort the displayed files by image, document, or media file type, click the Type drop-down menu. 
To sort the displayed files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
To search for a document, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Select File
Click the name of the file you want to link in the Rich Content Editor.
Note: The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the file or the hyperlinked text.
To manage options for the link, click the link title and click the Link Options link.
View Link Options
You can edit the link text in the Text field or link URL in the Link field.
To disable users from seeing a file preview, select Disable Preview option.
You can choose to display a file preview in a pop-up window or in-line preview when the link is clicked. You can also choose to expand an in-line preview by default. 
To allow users to view a file preview in a pop-up window when the link is clicked, select the Preview in overlay option. 
To allow users to view an in-line preview when the link is clicked, click the Preview inline option. To expand the in-line preview by default, click the Expand preview by Default checkbox.  
To save link options, click the Done button.
Notes:
Inline preview is not supported in the Canvas beta environment.
Inline preview is not supported in Edit mode.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content. 
To preview the file, click the file link. Links to external URLs display an Open icon. 
To download the linked file, click the Download icon.How do I know if I can retake a quiz as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the quiz title to open the quiz you want to retake.
View Quiz
If you can retake the quiz, you will see Take the Quiz Again button. Click the button to retake the quiz. 
Contact your instructor if you have problems accessing the quiz.
Note: You can see past attempts in your quiz results.What is SpeedGrader
When Would I Use SpeedGrader?
You can use SpeedGrader to:
Sort submissions by student and hide student names for anonymous grading
View submission details for each student, including resubmitted assignments
Use rubrics to assign grades 
Leave feedback comments for your students
Track your grading progress and hide assignments while grading
View submissions in moderated assignments 
View SpeedGrader
For each student, you can use the areas in SpeedGrader to do the following:
View student submissions (text entries, website URLs, media recordings, and/or file uploads); preview supported file types in Canvas DocViewer; review other file format submissions using the document previewer or Google Preview 
Assign a grade based on your preferred assessment method (points or percentage)
View the Rubric to assist with grading (if one is added to the assignment) 
View comments created by you or the student about the assignment
Leave feedback comments by entering text, selecting emojis, selecting pre-made comments from the comment library, attaching files, recording or uploading media, recording screen captures, or adding audio commentary.
Reassign the assignment
Download or print submission comments
Note: You can use keyboard shortcuts to navigate SpeedGrader. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.How do I change the settings in my user account as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Change Settings
If enabled, edit the appropriate settings:
Full Name is used for the Gradebook and Grades pages, Chat, People, and SIS imports.
Display Name is how other users will see your name in Announcements, Conferences, Conversations, and Discussions.
Sortable Name defaults to your last name, first name and appears in sorted lists so admins can search for it.
Pronouns display after your name in various areas throughout Canvas.
Default Email can be set when you have multiple Notification email addresses associated with your account.
Language can be set to your native language and is the language you want to use in Canvas (does not apply if an instructor sets a specific language for a course).
Time Zone can be set to where you are located and displays assignments in your local time.
Password is the combination of characters you choose to use to log in to your Canvas account.
Note: Some settings may not be available to you. If you are not able to edit your user settings, you will need to contact your institution to change this information. 
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button. How do I upload a file from Google Drive as an assignment submission in Canvas as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Start Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button.
Open Google Drive
Click the Google Drive (LTI 1.3) tab.
Note: If the Google Drive tab is not available, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Submit Assignment
Google Drive will display a list of all allowed file types. Click the name of the file, then click the Select button. 
Note: When the Allow Multiple file AGS submissions count as one submission is enabled, you can select multiple files to be uploaded to a third-party assignment in Canvas. However, some third-party tools may not be built to accommodate this feature.
View Submission Notification
After you submit your assignment, Canvas displays a message notifying you that your submission is processing. You can navigate away from the assignment submission page without disrupting the file upload. You will also receive an email notification when your submission completes processing.
To clear the notification, click the OK button. 
View Submission
View the confirmation of your assignment submission. 
View Uploading and Failed Submission Icons
If your submission has been queued for upload, an uploading icon displays. This icon also displays for your instructor if they access the assignment before it uploads. 
If your submission failed to upload, an upload failed icon displays. Click the download submission link to view the error. How do I join a conference as an instructor
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
Join Conference
Next to the conference you want to join, click the Join button.
Note: You cannot join a conference until the conference host has started the conference.
Join Audio
To use your microphone during the conference, click the Microphone icon. To join the conference without enabling a microphone, click the Listen only icon. You will be able to change your audio preference after you've joined the conference. 
View Chrome Microphone Permissions
To enable a microphone in a Chrome browser, click the Allow button.
View Firefox Microphone Permissions
To enable a microphone in a Firefox browser, select your microphone in the Microphone to share menu. Then click the Allow button.
Audio Test
To ensure your audio is working correctly, complete the private audio echo test. Speak a few words and if you hear audio, click the Yes icon. To choose a different microphone and repeat the audio test, click the No icon.
Note: It is recommended that you use a headset with a microphone for the best audio experience.
View Conference
View the conference.
Learn how to use the Conferences interface.Logging into the Canvas Student App
Find Institution
Click the Find my school button. 
If you've previously logged in where you want to use the account, tap the name of the account. 
Search for Institution Name
Enter the name of your institution or school district. If the full name appears in the search list, tap the name.
Notes: 
If you are an admin and your school does not appear in the search list, please contact your CSM about mobile smart search.
To log in to a Free For Teacher account, enter Free Canvas Accounts or canvas.instructure.com in the search field.
Enter Canvas URL
If the name of your institution does not appear in the search list, you may need to locate your Canvas account by entering the full Canvas URL in the Find your school or district text field. 
If you don't know your Canvas URL, tap the Tap Here for Help link. Or you can log in using a QR code, which does not require knowing your Canvas URL.
Open QR Login
Tap the QR Login link.
View Instructions
Review the instructions for locating the QR code in the web version of Canvas. The QR code is located in your account profile (User Navigation Menu).
When you have located the QR code, click the Next button.
Scan QR Code
Hold your phone up to your computer screen to scan the QR code. Once the code is located, the app will update automatically.
Notes: 
You may have to grant permission for your phone to use your camera.
The app may take a few minutes to log you in.How do I send a module to another instructor as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. 
Open Module Options
Locate the module you wish to send and click the Options icon. Select the Send To... option.
Select Recipient
To send the module to another instructor, click or type in the Send to field. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your module.
Note: You can send the module to multiple instructors at one time.
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the module to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Module
Click the Send button.
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the user's Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content.How do I edit a grading scheme in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Schemes
Click the Grading Schemes tab.
Edit Grading Scheme
Clicking the Edit icon.
Note: If a grading scheme has been used for grading, you can only edit its name and description.
Edit Grading Scheme Details
Edit the title in the Grading Scheme Name field. 
You can choose to have the grading scheme by percentage or points. 
For each line item, edit the grading scheme name in the Letter Grade field. 
Edit the minimum end of each individual range in the To [Number] % field.
Add Range
If you need to add ranges, click the Add button. 
You can remove individual ranges by clicking the Delete button. 
When you are finished editing your grading scheme, click the Save button. 
View Grading Scheme
View the edited grading scheme.How do I create a Matching question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Matching Question
Click the Add Matching button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Question/Answer Pairs
To add a question and answer pair, type the question in the Question field and its matching answer in the Answer field. To add additional Question/Answer pairs, click the Add Question/Answer Pair link. To delete a Question/Answer pair, click the Delete icon.
To shuffle questions, click the Shuffle Questions checkbox.
Add Additional Distractors
You can also add additional distractors to the question. Distractors will appear in the drop-down menu with the answers added in the Answer fields. To add a distractor, click the Add Distractor button and type the distractor name in the Additional Distractors field.
To delete a distractor, click the Delete icon.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Select Grading Option
You can select a grading option for the question. To award partial credit for the question, click the Partial credit option. The Partial credit option awards points for each correct answer selected.
Partial credit is calculated by dividing the total points possible by the number of correct answers for the question. This amount is awarded for each correct answer selected. No points are awarded for answers that are not selected. Zero is the lowest possible score. For example, if a question is worth 4 points and there are 2 correct answers, Canvas divides 4 by 2 and awards 2 points for correct answers selected.
To award points only for an exact match, click the Exact Match option. The Exact Match option only awards points if all correct answers are selected and no incorrect answers are selected.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.What are Outcomes
Account or Course Outcomes
Outcomes enables the administration and faculty to track students’ progress as measured by pedagogical goals or desired outcomes. 
Assessments created to test student knowledge or to require students to demonstrate a specific skill resulting from a learning activity can be aligned to learning outcomes using rubrics (which can be used for grading simultaneously). 
Grading student work automatically collects and compiles data on student progress for the Outcomes. The data is available for reporting to support teaching improvement, identify at-risk students, and support the accreditation process. This unified, streamlined approach dramatically reduces the amount of work required to implement Learning Outcomes through the intelligent reuse of assessment workflows in the grading process.
When would I use Outcomes?
Use Outcomes to:
Focus students' attention on the most important skills and activities in your course (find existing outcomes or create new ones)
Align Quizzes and Assignments to different kinds of mastery
Run reports at the account-level about student artifacts of learning mastery
Assess student progress through calculation methods
Track student progress on a learning outcome or overall in the Learning Mastery Gradebook 
Align accreditation or other core standards to programs of study, courses, or student assessments
Calculation Methods
When users create an outcome, users can set one of four calculation methods used for student mastery: Weighted Average, Decaying Average, n Number of Times, Most Recent Score, and Highest Score. Calculation methods are used in conjunction within the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
Calculation methods can be set when creating custom course outcomes (instructors) or creating custom account outcomes (admins). 
Notes:
For new Outcomes created in the Canvas interface, the default calculation is Weighted Average unless changed to another calculation. 
For new Outcomes created using the Outcomes API, the default calculation is set as Highest Score but can be modified with the appropriate parameters. 
If a user imports an outcome but does not have permission to modify the calculation method, the calculation method cannot be changed.
Common Core outcomes are always calculated as Highest Score; however, the calculation method can be modified using the Outcomes API by any user with appropriate admin permissions.
Weighted Average
The Weighted Average calculation factors the average of all assessment items while weighing the most recent (current) submission to any assignment associated with this outcome at a higher percentage. 
By default, the Canvas weighted average is set at 65/35, meaning the current item is weighted at 65%, and the average of all other user scores is weighted at 35%. However, users can specify between 1% and 99% for the current percentage, and prior scores are weighted against the percentage difference. Note that the average is rounded to the next two decimals. If there is only one result, then the single score will be displayed.
For example, a student has four aligned items with scores of 4, 3, 2, and 5 (scores listed chronologically from oldest to most recent). If the current item is set to be weighted at 65% of mastery, prior scores are weighted at 35%:
Current item score: 5
Average of prior item scores: (4 + 3 + 2) / 3 = 3
Calculated score: 5 (.65) + 3 (.35) = 3.25 + 1.05 = 4.3
Decaying Average
TheDecaying Average calculation uses a formula to determine proficiency based on students' average scores, giving more weight to the most recent scored. To determine the weight given to the most recent score, the formula uses a decay rate. The higher the formula's decay rate, the more heavily the most recent assessment is weighted.
By default, the decay weight is set at 65%. However, you can adjust the rate to any percentage between 50% and 99%. Between two assessments, the most recent assessment gets 65% weight and the first gets 35%. For each additional assessment, the sum of the previous score calculations decay by an additional 35%. 
For example, a student has scores of 1, 2, 3, 4 (scores listed chronologically from oldest to most recent):
(1 × .35) + (2 × .65) = X
(X × .35) + (3 × .65) = Y
(Y × .35) + (4 × .65) = Z(this being the current standard score; 3.48)
n Number of Times
The n Number of Times calculation requires a specific number of times that mastery must be met or exceeded, and the number of aligned items that must be completed for calculation eligibility. Any scores that do not meet mastery are not part of the calculation.
Users can specify between 1 and 10 items required for mastery.
For example, a student is required to achieve mastery 2 times with a mastery score of 5. If the student has scores of 1, 3, 2, 4, 5, 3, and 6, only the scores of 5 and 6 would be part of the calculation.
Average score of eligible items: 5 + 6 = 11
Calculated score: 11 / 2 = 5.5
Most Recent Score
The Most Recent Score calculation always selects the most recent score for all assessment items.
Highest Score
The Highest Score calculation always selects the highest score for all assessment items.
Select Average
To select the average score from all assessment items, select the Average option.
You can view an example of the Average calculation in the Example section.
Note: Average is not a good fit for most outcomes-based or mastery-based learning use cases because students may need time to reach mastery of an outcome and early poorer performance can bring down an average.
Outcome Mastery Scales
If the Account and Course Level Outcome Mastery Scales feature option is enabled for your account, you can set mastery scales for the entire account.
Learn more about mastery scales in an account or in a course.
Outcome Mastery Calculations
If the Account and Course Level Outcome Mastery Scales feature option is enabled for your account, you can set mastery calculations for the entire account.
Learn more about mastery calculations in an account or in a course.
Improved Outcomes Management
If the Account and Course Level Outcome Mastery Scales feature option and the Improved Outcomes Management feature option are enabled for your account, the Outcomes page displays an improved interface for viewing and managing outcomes.
Learn more about the Improved Outcomes Management in an account or in a course.How do I import Thin Common Cartridge files as separate modules as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Common Cartridge 1.x Package option. Complete any additional fields required for the content. 
Select Specific Content
In the Content section, click the Select specific content radio button. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Content
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
Select Content
In the Current Jobs section, click the Select Content button.
View Content
Thin Common Cartridge files are shown as one module. Click the Modules expand icon.
Select All Group Content
Locate the content by expanding the nested structure. Content groups show the number of items within the group. 
If you want to import an entire content group, select the checkbox next to the group.
Select Module Import Option
Like other course import types, selecting a content group selects all items within the module group. However, Thin Common Cartridge content is always imported as one module, which can be extremely cumbersome in a Canvas course. 
By default, content is imported as one module. If you would rather import content as separate modules, click the Import sub-modules separately radio button. 
Note: If you want to import several content groups as separate modules, module settings are applied on a per-content-group basis, meaning you must fully expand each content group and specify the separate modules option. Otherwise, all selected content in the hierarchy will always be imported as one module.
Select Specific Group Content
To import only a few items from a content group, select the specific items to be imported. Canvas places a dash in the content group checkbox, indicating not all items are selected within the group. 
Selecting individual content items automatically imports content as separate modules.
Select Content
Click the Select Content button.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. The import displays progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import. 
The import may also display errors as part of the import status. Learn more about course import statuses.
When the course has completed, view modules content by accessing the Modules link in Course Navigation. 
View Modules
View the modules content in your course, either as one module or separate modules. How do I delete a question bank in a course as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Manage Question Banks
Click the Settings icon and click the Manage Question Banks link.
Delete Question Bank
Click the Remove icon. 
Open Question Bank
You can also delete a Question Bank by clicking the name of the Question Bank. 
Delete Question Bank
Click the Delete Bank button.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.Submitting a Canvas assignment
View Content Type
In Canvas, you can submit an assignment, graded discussion, or quiz. Make sure you are in the right area of Canvas by viewing the navigation breadcrumbs or the Course Navigation Menu.
You can access your assignment from the Assignments page, Discussions page, Quizzes page, or Modules page. If you are in another area in Canvas, try navigating to one of these pages.
View Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Discussion
To submit to a discussion, enter your response in the Reply field.
View Quiz
To take a quiz, click the Take the Quiz button for Classic Quizzes or Begin button for New Quizzes.
View Submission Attempts
Your instructor may limit the number of submission attempts you are allotted for an assignment. If your assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view the number of submission attempts you have made and the number of submission allowed for the assignment.
Once you have used all your submission attempts, the Submit Assignment button displays as disabled.
View Submission Type
View the submission type for your assignment. If the submission type says No Submission or On Paper, you will not be able to submit the assignment in Canvas. 
View Availability Dates
Your instructor may have set availability dates that determine when you can submit your assignment. If you are not within the availability dates, the assignment will display as locked and you will not be able to submit your assignment.
Note: The submission will not upload to Canvas if you are in the middle of submitting and the availability date passes.
View File Types
Your instructor may have restricted which file types can be submitted for your assignment. View the allowed file types to see which files you can use.
Check Browser Version
Canvas supports the two most recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge. Learn about which browsers are supported in Canvas.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Follow the steps below depending on which browser and operating system you use.
Chrome
PC:
In the Chrome browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
Use the drop-down menu to select the time range from which you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
Mac:
In the browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
In the data drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site and plug-in data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Chrome, visit Google Support.
Edge
In the Edge menu bar, click the Hub icon.
To view your browsing history, click the History icon.
Click the Clear all history link.
Choose the types of data or files you want to remove. Select the Cookies and saved website data and Cached data and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Edge, visit Microsoft Support.
Firefox
PC:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
Mac:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Firefox, visit Firefox Support.
Safari
In the Safari menu bar, click the Safari option.
Click the Clear History link.
In the Clear History drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Click the Clear History button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Safari, visit Apple Support.
Use Incognito/Private Browser
If clearing your cache and cookies doesn't resolve the problem, something in your browser may be blocking your access to Canvas. To verify this, try using Chrome incognito or Firefox Private mode.How do I accept an invitation to join a Canvas course as an instructor
Accept Course Invitation
If you've enrolled in or been invited to a Canvas course, you will receive an email that contains your institution's Canvas URL and your email address to use for your login. To accept the course invitation, click the Get Started button.
Accept Course
Canvas will take you to your course and ask you to accept the enrollment. Click the Accept button.
Create Canvas Account
Click the Create My Account button. 
Note: If you already have a Canvas account, click the I Have a Canvas Account button. You'll be directed to the Canvas login page.
Complete Registration
Create a password and enter your time zone. Depending on your account type, you may be asked if you want to receive information, news, and tips from Instructure. 
Select the Acceptable Use Policy checkbox, then click the Register button.How do I add a developer API key for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Developer Keys
In Account Navigation, click the Developer Keys link.
Add Developer Key
Click the Add Developer Key button.
Add API Key
Click the Add API Key option.
Enter Key Settings
Enter the settings for the developer API key:
Key Name: Usually your app or company name. This field will be shown when users are asked to approve access to their Canvas account on your behalf.
Owner Email: The email of the person who owns the developer tool.
Redirect URIs: The domains where tokens are requested. These URIs are not your Canvas URL. To avoid mixed content browser concerns, use https.
Redirect URI (Legacy): The URI for the key redirect. This field allows you to set the previous URI for a tool. Eventually this field will be removed.
Vendor Code (LTI 2): A unique registered code which identifies the vendor or developer of the third-party tool. This is specifically for LTI 2 tools and apps. 
Icon URL: The URL of the icon for your developer tool. This URL is presented to the user to approve authorization for your tool. To avoid mixed content browser concerns, use https.
Notes: Any notes about the developer key, such as the reason it was created.
Test Cluster Only: Creates a developer key that can only be used in the Canvas test environment.
Enforce Scopes: Allows you to customize access for the key. Otherwise, the key will have access to all endpoints available to the authorizing user. 
Save Key
Click the Save button.
View Key
View the Developer Key for your account. How do I contact Canvas Support
Canvas Web
Instructors/Teachers/Course Facilitators: How do I get help with Canvas as an instructor?
Students: How do I get help with Canvas as a student?
Parents/Observers: How do I get help with Canvas as an observer?
Admins: To report any problems with Canvas, contact Canvas Support. For assistance with managing your institution's Canvas account, contact your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
Canvas Mobile Apps
Instructors/Teachers/Course Facilitators:
How do I get help with the Teacher app on my Android device?
How do I get help with the Teacher app on my iOS device?
Students:
How do I get help with the Student app on my Android device?
How do I get help with the Student app on my iOS device?
Parents/Observers:
How do I get help with the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I get help with the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
What if there is no Help button in my Global Navigation?
In some cases, the Help Menu may be disabled altogether. If you do not see a Help menu in Canvas, use the support resources provided by your institution or contact your institution's IT department. If your question can be shared publicly, you may consider asking the Canvas Community.
You can also use the Instructure Community resources to access the Canvas user guides, release notes, known issues, Canvas questions and answers, resource documents, and more. 
Learn more about using the Instructure Community in the Community Guides.
How do I learn more about Canvas support tiers?
Learn more about available support tiers by viewing the Canvas Support Terms webpage.How do I add an event to my calendar as a student
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From and To fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From and To fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
If a location is required, enter a location for the event. 
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links.
Otherwise, click the Submit button. How do I change the language preference in my user account as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Select Language
In the Language drop-down menu, choose your preferred language.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Preferred Language
View Canvas in your preferred language.How do I use inline Chat as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link and click the name of your course.
Open Chat
View inline chat in your course. To open your chat, click the Expand icon. Chat must be reopened whenever you navigate to a new page within your course.
View Chat
Chat messages appear in the content window.
Send Message
To send a chat message, enter your message in the chat window. Then click the Send button.
Hide Chat
To hide the chat window, click the Collapse icon.How do I disable announcement replies for all courses in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Disable Comments on Announcements
In the Account Settings tab, locate the announcements options.
To set a default for the entire account so that comments are automatically disabled for announcement comments in each course, click the Disable comments on announcements checkbox. This option applies immediately to new courses. When enabled, all announcements show as closed for comments, but instructors can open individual announcements as necessary. Instructors can open Course Settings and remove the option completely for all new announcements.
If you want to lock the default setting for sub-accounts and courses, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. This option does not allow instructors to open any individual announcements or remove the limitation in Course Settings.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.How do I set a time zone in my user account as an admin
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Set User Time Zone
In the Time Zone drop-down menu, select a new time zone for your user account.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.
View Time Zone
View the time zone for your user account.How do I use Canvas Data 1 files as an admin
Canvas Data 1 will be deprecated on December 31, 2023. Canvas Data 1 guides will be removed from the Community end of June 2024. Learn more about accessing data using Canvas Data 2.
Tableau
Tableau is a per-user license software platform that helps people see and understand their data. For help with files in Tableau, please view the Tableau support page. 
Canvas Data in Tableau can be viewed through Amazon Redshift and is the easiest, recommended method for accessing and analyzing data. In Tableau, select the Connect to Data link and select Amazon Redshift. To connect to the database, enter your Redshift credentials as set up in the Canvas Admin Portal.
SQL Workbench/J
SQL Workbench/J is a free cross-platform SQL query tool that operates on Java. For more information about SQL Workbench/J, please see the Amazon SQL Workbench/J documentation. 
Canvas Data in SQL Workbench/J can be viewed through Amazon Redshift. To connect to the database, enter your Redshift credentials as set up in the Canvas Admin Portal. 
image source
Excel
Excel is a data analysis tool that is part of Microsoft Office. Windows users can download the Windows Redshift ODBC Driver, and Mac OS X users can download the Mac Redshift ODBC Driver.
Canvas Data in Excel can be viewed through Amazon Redshift. Open Excel, select the Excel Data Connection Wizard, and locate the ODBC driver. To connect to the database, enter your Redshift credentials as set up in the Canvas Admin Portal. 
R
R is a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. It runs on a wide variety of platforms. For help with files in R, please view the R support page.
Canvas Data in R can be viewed through Amazon Redshift. To connect to the database, enter your Redshift credentials as set up in the Canvas Admin Portal. 
Other ODBC Tools
Most other ODBC and Java database connectivity (JDBC) PostgresSQL clients should be supported by Canvas Data. However, please notes that pgAdmin is not supported. How do I create a course discussion as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Create Discussion
Enter a discussion title in the Topic Title field. 
Add discussion content using the Rich Content Editor. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor. 
By default, all sections in your course can view and participate in the discussion. To specify specific sections for your discussion, use the Post to drop-down menu.
You can also attach files to your discussion. 
Set Discussion Options and Availability
Select options for your discussion and add dates specifying when your classmates can view and participate in your discussion.
Note: If you do not set availability dates for your discussion, it can be accessed at any time during the course or section dates. 
Save Discussion
Click the Save button.How do I assign a conditional assignment for students to complete in Mastery Paths as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Open Mastery Paths
Locate the Mastery Paths item and click the Mastery Paths link.
Edit Assignment
For each assignment in each range, click the options menu and click the Edit link. The assignment will open in a new browser tab.
Assign to Mastery Paths
In the assignment's Assign field, click the Everyone remove icon, then click the text field. Select the Mastery Paths option. 
Save Assignment
Click the Save button.
View Section Warning
Canvas displays a warning message asking you if you want to add additional sections. For Mastery Paths, you can disregard this warning. Click the Continue button.
View Assignment
View the Mastery Path assignment.
The assignment will only display in a student's Modules page if the student's score in the Mastery Path source item releases the assignment to the student.How do I use the Course Activity Stream as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Course Activity
In the Home Page sidebar, click the View Course Stream button.
Note: If your Course Home Page is already set to view the course stream, the View Course Stream link does not appear in the course sidebar.
View Course Activity
The Course Activity Stream contains recent notifications in the course, including announcements, discussions, assignments, and conversations. This activity stream helps you see all recent activity in your course and easily ask questions and post to discussion forums. Unlike course cards on the Dashboard, the activity stream does not mimic visibility of Course Navigation links.
You can manage recent activity in a course the same way you can on the Dashboard. Activities are indicated by activity type and display an icon for the activity. New activity in your account is indicated by a blue dot. Discussions and Announcements indicate new activity items published in a course, and Conversations indicate a new message received from a user in a course. Recent Activity items remain for four weeks. 
Note: To receive notifications for Discussions, you must actively post in the discussions at least once every two weeks. If you stop participating in a discussion after two weeks, Canvas will no longer display discussion notifications. 
Expand and Collapse Notifications
You can view the details of each activity by hovering in the notification area and clicking the Show More link. To collapse recent activity, click the Show Less link.
Manage Recent Activity
You can directly access your recent activities by clicking the activity link. To remove a notification, click the remove icon.
View Student View
To view the course activity stream as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.How do I change my login password as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Edit Settings
Click the Edit Settings button.
Change Password 
Click the Change Password checkbox to create a new password. Type your old password in the Old Password field. Type your new password in the New Password field. Type your new password again in the Confirm Password field.
Note: If you do not have access to change your password, please contact your institution. Your institution will tell you how to change your password.
Update Settings
Click the Update Settings button.Observer or Parent Getting Started Resources
Introduction
What is Canvas?
Canvas is a Learning Management System. To learn more about Canvas terminology and definitions, visit How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions?
Because Canvas is a web-based system, it doesn’t need to be installed on your computer. However, you’ll want to make sure that yourcomputer and web browser meet the basic requirements to run Canvas.
What is the Observer/Parent role?
In Canvas, the Observer role can be used to enroll parents, mentors, and guests who would like to participate in a Canvas course but do not need to earn course credit. Observers have limited permissions that allow them to see what is going on in a course without interrupting the flow of daily course communication. Like students, observers cannot view a course until it is published and the course has started.
Canvas for Elementary
Canvas for Elementary is a Canvas setting that displays a simplified interface and experience designed for younger learners.
Flowchart
For a visual representation of how to get started with Canvas as an observer, view the Getting Started with Canvas as an Observer Flowchart.
Canvas Guides
The Canvas Observer Guide has many articles that each answer a question that relates to using the Canvas interface as an observer. Each article also includes Next and Previous links so you can easily navigate to related content.
User Account Setup
Before you can do anything in Canvas, you'll need an account and the URL for your institution's Canvas website. View the articles below for help with setting up your account, logging in, and managing your user settings.
How do I log in to Canvas as an observer?
How do I sign up for a Canvas account as a parent?
How do I create an account in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I create an account in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I edit my profile in my user account as an observer?
How do I change the settings in my user account as an observer?
How do I manage my Canvas notification settings as an observer?
Pairing Code Overview
Pairing codes are six-digit codes that are used to link students to observers in Canvas.
How do I generate a pairing code for an observer as a student?
How do I send a pairing code for an observer in the Student app on my iOS device?
How do I send a pairing code to an observer in the Student app on my Android device?
Pairing Codes - FAQ
Observer Pairing Overview
Once you have pairing code(s) for your student(s), you can link your account to theirs. Guides below include steps for linking accounts. Whether you are linking your Observer account to multiple students at once or you’re adding a new student to your existing account, you follow the same process.
How do I link a student to my user account as an observer?
How do I link additional students to my account in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I link additional students to my account in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
Use QR Code to Log In
There’s a very simple way to log in to the Canvas Parent app. In the web version of Canvas, if you click the Account link in the Global Navigation menu, you’ll see a QR for Mobile Login link. After opening the Canvas Parent app on your mobile device, scan that code. You will be instantly logged-in, without having to worry about connecting to your school and retyping your information.
How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as an observer?
How do I log in to the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I log in to the Parent app on my Android Device with a QR code?
Canvas Overview
Once your account is set up, take a minute to familiarize yourself with the Canvas user interface. The articles below show you how to navigate Canvas and use a few of the tools that link across all your courses.
How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as an observer?
How do I view my favorite courses in the Card View Dashboard as an observer?
How do I use the Dashboard as an observer?
How do I use the Inbox as an observer?
How do I use the Calendar as an observer?
How do I use Files as an observer?
Course Basics
The main use of the Observer role is to link a user to a student. You can be linked to a student or multiple students and view the student's data in the course. Parents or guardians are often enrolled as observers and linked to students, especially in K12 environments. You cannot submit work on behalf of the students you observe, but you can see student grades, assignments and events, and course interactions. What is available in your course depends on what has been implemented by your student’s instructor. 
View the articles below for some of the basics of Canvas courses.
How do I navigate a Canvas course as an observer?
How do I use the Course Activity Stream as an observer?
How do I use the Course Home Page as an observer?
How do I use the Syllabus as an observer?
How do I view Assignments as an observer?
How do I know if my student has submitted an assignment as an observer?
How do I view the Grades page for a student as an observer?
How do I view my student's grades in a current course?
How do I view Discussions as an observer?
How do I use Discussions Redesign as an observer?
How do I view Quizzes as an observer?
How do I use Conferences in a course as an observer?
How do I edit a course page as an observer?
Learn more about Canvas features in the Canvas Basics Guide.
Canvas Parent App
Canvas also has a free mobile app available for iOS and Android that is specifically tailored to observers. View information about the Parent app below.
How do I use the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I set alerts for a student in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I create a reminder for an assignment or event in the Canvas Parent app on my iOS device?
How do I use the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I set alerts for a student in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
How do I create a reminder for an assignment or event in the Canvas Parent app on my Android device?
Canvas Parent Mobile Features 
Additional Resources
Canvas for Elementary Student Guides 
Troubleshooting for All Users
Canvas Observer/Parent Blog
Canvas Resource Documents for Observers
Observer Account Creation and PairingHow do I upload and embed a media file from my computer in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Upload Image by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed media by dragging and dropping a media file saved to your computer.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple media files by dragging and dropping the files saved to your computer
Upload Image by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed an image by copying and pasting it. To copy an image to your clipboard, right-click the image and select Copy. You can paste it by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Record Media from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. From the dropdown menu, select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Record Media from Menubar
Alternatively, you can open the media recorder from the menubar. Click the Insert icon. Navigate to view the Media options, and select the Record/Upload Media option. 
Upload Media from Computer
By default, the Media Upload Tool displays the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop a media file to media uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Select File
Select the media file and click the Open button.
View Selected File
The uploader displays a file preview. 
The uploader also displays the media file name. To change the file name, type a new file name in the media file name field. The name of the file also acts as the alt text for the media file.
To remove the file, click the Delete icon.
To add a caption file, click the Add CC/Subtitles checkbox.
Submit Media File Upload
To upload your selected media file, click the Submit button.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I create an outcome for a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Add Outcome
Click the New Outcome button.
Create Outcome
Enter a name for the outcome in the Name this outcome field. This is the official name of the outcome that will also appear in the Learning Mastery Gradebook.
If you allow students to view Learning Mastery scores on the Grades page, they will see the name of the outcome. However, you may want to create a custom, friendly name. To create a friendly name for student view, enter a name in the Friendly name (optional) field. 
You can also enter a description in the Rich Content Editor field.
Add Criterion Ratings
Click the Edit icon to edit the criterion rating. You can change the existing name (if desired) for the criterion in the Criterion Name field. Set the criterion point value by typing in the Points field. 
To save the criterion, click the OK button. To remove the criterion completely, click the Delete button.
To add additional criterion ratings, click the Insert link.
Note: If you cannot edit criteria for your outcome, your institution has enabled course-wide mastery scales.
Set Mastery and Calculation Method
Set the mastery point value in the Mastery at field. This field indicates the number of points that must be achieved for mastery according to the criterion ratings.
In the Calculation Method drop-down menu, select the calculation method for the outcome. By default, new outcomes are set to the Weighted Average calculation method in the Canvas interface.
Click the Save button.
Select Calculation Method
You can set one of the following calculation methods: Weighted Average, Decaying Average, n Number of Times, Most Recent Score, and Highest Score.
Weighted Average: Select this option to average assessment item scores with a greater weight for the most recently edited assessment item. The Weighted Average calculation splits the total percentage between the most recently edited assessment item and an average of all prior assessment items. For example, you can set the most recently edited assignment to be weighted at 40% of the total and prior items to be weighted at 60% of the total.
Enter a percentage between 1% and 99% for the most recent item weight. The remaining amount is used to weigh prior scores. The percentage split is set to 65/35 by default. The average is rounded to the next two decimals. If there is only one result, the single score will be displayed.
Decaying Average: Select this option to average assessment item scores with a greater weight for the most recently edited assessment item. The Decaying Average calculation splits the total percentage between the most recently edited assessment item and an average of all prior assessment items. For example, you can set the most recently edited assignment to be weighted at 40% of the total and prior items to be weighted at 60% of the total.
Enter a percentage between 50% and 99% for the most recent item weight. The remaining amount is used to weigh prior scores. The percentage split is set to 65/35 by default. The average is rounded to the next two decimals. If there is only one result, the single score will be displayed.
n Number of Times: Select this option to set a number of times that a student must meet or exceed mastery on a set amount of aligned items. Any scores that do not meet mastery are not used in the calculation. You can specify between 1 and 10 items required for mastery.
Most Recent Score: Select this option to always selects the most recent score for all assessment items.
Highest Score: Select this option to always select the highest score for all assessment items.
Note: If you cannot edit calculation methods for your outcome, your institution has enabled course-wide outcome calculation methods.
View Outcome
View the created outcome.How do I know if I have a peer review assignment to complete as a student
00:00:Learn how to conveniently track and manage peer review assignments on Instructure with these straightforward instructions. You'll effortlessly navigate through the platform to stay on top of any pending tasks.
00:12:Once a peer review is assigned to you, a notification displays in several dashboard areas.
00:18:On your Dashboard, you can view recent activity in your Global Activity stream. Recent activity will display a peer review and the name of the course.
00:28:Click the Show More link to access the assignment and view the name of the peer review student. If a peer review is anonymous, the name will show as Anonymous User.
00:38:On both the Dashboard and the Course Home Page sidebar, the To Do list shows the peer review assignment. Peer reviews are identified with the Peer Review icon. To view the assignment for review, click the Peer Review for [Assignment Name] link.
00:53:You can also view peer reviews when viewing assignments. In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
01:00:In the Assignment Index page, you can view any peer reviews assigned to you. To open the peer review, click the Required Peer Review link.
01:09:You can see the name of the student whose assignment you are reviewing. If your peer review is anonymous, the student's name displays as Anonymous Student.
01:18:In the sidebar under Assigned Peer Reviews, you will see any peer reviews assigned to you.
01:24:The caution sign icon indicates the peer review has not been completed.
01:29:A check mark icon indicates that you have completed the peer review. If your peer review is anonymous, you cannot see the name of the student. The peer review will be shown as Anonymous User.
01:41:This guide showed how to know if you have a peer review assignment to complete.
View Dashboard
Once a peer review is assigned to you, a notification displays in several dashboard areas.
View Recent Activity
In the Dashboard, you can view recent activity in your Global Activity stream . Recent activity display a peer review and the name of the course. Click the Show More link to access the assignment and view the name of the peer review student. 
If a peer review is anonymous, the name displays as Anonymous User.
View To Do List
In both the Dashboard and the Course Home Page sidebar, the To Do list shows the peer review assignment. Peer reviews are identified with the Peer Review icon. To view the assignment for review, click the Peer Review for [Assignment Name] link. 
Note: Currently the Due Date in the To Do List does not accurately display the due date for completing your peer review. If details about your peer review are not already included in the details of your assignment, please contact your instructor.
Open Assignments
You can also view peer reviews when viewing assignments. In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your Dashboard, Course Activity Stream, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
In the Assignment Index page, you can view any peer reviews assigned to you. To open the peer review, click the Required Peer Review link.
You can see the name of the student whose assignment you are reviewing. If your peer review is anonymous, the student's name displays as Anonymous Student.
Note: If your instructor has assigned an On Paper or No Submission assignment, the assigned peer review does not display on this page. However, you can still view it from the Dashboard. 
View Assigned Peer Review
In the sidebar under Assigned Peer Reviews, you can view any peer reviews assigned to you. The caution sign icon indicates the peer review has not been completed. A check mark icon indicates that you have completed the peer review.
If your peer review is anonymous, you cannot see the name of the student. The peer review displays as Anonymous User.
Notes: 
If your instructor includes a rubric, which is a pre-determined outline of how an assignment is graded, you must assign a grade using the rubric. However, your instructor may also ask you to leave a comment in the comment sidebar.
If your instructor has assigned an On Paper or No Submission assignment, the assigned peer review does not display on this page. However, you can still view it from the Dashboard.What feature options can I enable in my user account as an admin
Auto Show Closed Captions
By default, this feature is set to Off. 
The Auto Show Closed Captions feature setting allows you to enable captions added to videos by default for your Canvas account. 
Note: Videos embedded from third-party tools, such as Youtube, are not supported. Additionally, embedded Canvas Studio videos are not yet supported. 
Course Set-up Tutorial
This feature only displays if your institution has enabled the Canvas course setup tutorial. By default, this feature is set to Off.
The Course Set-up Tutorial feature setting allows you to view the course set-up tutorial. When enabled, this feature displays a tutorial in each Course Navigation index page that shows you the purpose of the page and what to do next. The tutorial applies to all of your courses in Canvas where you are enrolled as an instructor.
Disable Alert Notification Timeouts
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Disable Alert Notification Timeouts feature setting prevents alert notification pop-ups from timing out. When this feature setting is enabled, alert notifications in Canvas will display until you manually dismiss the alert.
Disable Celebration Animations
This feature only displays if your institution has enabled confetti for valid links. By default this feature is set to Off.
The Disable Celebration Animations feature setting allows you to disable celebration animations that display when you run the link validator in a course. When enabled, celebration animations will no longer display in Canvas.
Disable Keyboard Shortcuts
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Disable Keyboard Shortcuts feature setting allows you to disable keyboard shortcuts in Modules, Discussions, the Gradebook, and SpeedGrader. Other areas of Canvas will be updated at a future date.
This setting allows users who rely on screen readers or keyboard navigation to control their experience in Canvas with keyboard shortcuts.
High Contrast UI
By default this feature is set to Off.
The High Contrast UI feature setting allows you to view Canvas using high contrast styles. This feature enhances the color contrast of the user interface (text, buttons, etc.) so they are more distinct and easier to identify in Canvas. However, institutional branding is not supported when this feature is enabled, so you will not be able to view the institution's logo or other elements. 
Microsoft Immersive Reader
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Microsoft Immersive Reader enhances accessibility and comprehension for any reader. When enabled, the course home page, assignments, pages, and syllabus display an Immersive Reader button.
Microsoft Immersive Reader is available for you to enable individually, regardless of the preference set at the account level. However, if the feature is on for the entire account, the account preference overrides your user preference, and your user setting has no effect.
To learn more about this feature, see the Microsoft Immersive Reader website.
Underline Links
By default this feature is set to Off.
The Underline Links feature setting allows you to view Canvas interface links as underlined text. When enabled, this feature underlines hyperlinks in navigation menus, the Dashboard, and page sidebars. This feature setting does not apply to user-generated content links in the Rich Content Editor, which always underlines links for all users.
CSV Separator Preferences
You can set how you want to view separators in CSV export files, depending on your locale or preference.
Separator settingss are managed through one of three feature settings in User Settings. These settings only apply to compatible spreadsheet exports. 
Autodetect Field Separators in Compatible Spreadsheet Exports
The Autodetect field separators feature setting attempts to determine the appropriate field separator as indicated by the language set in the user’s account. For languages where the decimal separator is a dot, (e.g. 1,234.56), autodetection will choose a comma as the field separator. For languages where the decimal separator is a comma, (e.g. 1.234,56), autodetection will choose a semicolon as the field separator. For all other cases, autodetection will choose a comma as the field separator as a default.
Note: This feature is automatically disabled if the Use semicolons to separate fields setting is enabled.
Include Byte-Order Mark in Compatible Spreadsheet Exports
The Include Byte-Order Mark feature setting generates a specific set of three characters at the beginning of the CSV file. These characters, known as a byte-order mark, help some versions of Microsoft Excel understand that the CSV file is a UTF-8 encoded file. It also tells some localized versions of Excel that they should treat the incoming CSV file as if it were semicolon-separated by default. Because some versions of Excel do not understand or honor the byte-order mark, this feature allows all users to disable generation of this byte-order mark.
Use Semicolons to Separate Fields in Compatible Spreadsheet Exports
The Use semicolons to separate fields feature setting generates CSV files with semicolons as the field separators instead of the default comma. When disabled, this feature falls back to behavior determined by the state of the Autodetect field separators setting.
Note: This feature is automatically disabled if the Autodetect Field Separators setting is enabled.How do I delete a file or folder as a student
Delete File
In user or group files, click the line item for the file. Click the Delete icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link. 
Delete Folder
In user or group files, click the line item for the folder. Click the Delete icon. Or click the Options icon and then click the Delete link.
Confirm Deletion
Click the OK button.
View Warning Message
Files that have been submitted as part of an assignment cannot be deleted. How do I archive a grading scheme in a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Enable Grading Scheme
If the checkbox has not been selected, click the Enable course grading scheme checkbox.
Manage All Grading Schemes
To manage the grading schemes, click the Manage All Grading Schemes link.
Archive Grading Scheme
Click the Archive icon.
View Archived Grading Scheme
View the archived grading scheme. To unarchive the grading scheme, click the Unarchived icon.
Notes:
Archived grading schemes can still be used wherever they are currently in use, but they cannot be selected for new courses or assignments.
An archived grading scheme cannot be leveraged in the future by a course or assignment unless the scheme is restored.
You cannot archive the Default Canvas Grading Scheme.
When copying or exporting a course, archived default grading schemes are not copied or exported.How do I embed media files from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Media Upload Tool
Click the Media Options arrow. To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
To view your uploaded course media files, click the Course Media option. To view media saved in your Canvas user files, click the User Media option.
If you open the Rich Content Editor from a group, you can view uploaded group media files by clicking the Group Media option.
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Select Media File
By default, when embedding a media file in the Rich Content Editor, the Add menu displays media files from your selected source. 
To change the file type, click the Type drop-down menu. 
To sort image files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu. To search for a file, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Click the media file to embed.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Media
View your embedded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.How do I restrict files and folders to students in Canvas as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Select File
By default course files are visible, published, and accessible to all users and display a published icon. Teachers and TAs can restrict file and folder availability, which means the content will only be accessible to teachers and TAs in the course as long as the file is not placed to a content area outside of Files (e.g. Modules, Assignments). 
To edit file visibility permission, click a file's published or unpublished icon.
Note: If required by course or account settings, you may need to manage file usage rights before publishing. Learn about managing file usage rights. 
Manage Visibility in Student Files
The default restriction option is to make the file only available to students with the link. The Only available with link radio button makes the file available to students who are given a link to the file. The file will be hidden from students in Course Files.
Notes: 
The option to make a file only available with a link only applies to Course Files; if you add this file to another area of Canvas, such as Assignments or Modules, all students can view the file.
When new files are uploaded, the file visibility matches the setting specified in Course Settings. However, you can click the Visibility drop-down menu and select another visibility option.
Schedule Student Availability
By scheduling availability to a file or folder, you can give students a window of time to view the file. Students can view the file in Course Files as well as other areas of Canvas where the file has been added during the availability window. If students attempt to access the file outside the availability window, the file is inaccessible.
To set student availability dates, click the Schedule availability radio button. Then, enter the starting date for the file to be available in the Available From field. If applicable, enter the date when students can no longer view the file in the Available Until field. You can use the calendar to enter a date, or you can enter a date manually.
With manual entries, the setting for Available From and Available Until is set up to only accept input in one of the following inputs: 
dd/mm/yyyy 00:00 (24hr) Ex. 27/02/2013 23:59 
dd/mm/yyyy 00:00am/pm Ex. 27/02/2013 11:59pm 
Mon Da 00:00am/pm Ex. Feb 27 11:59pm 
Mon Da 00:00 (24hr) Ex. Feb 27 23:59 
Note: The time field is optional and, if not selected, defaults to 12am.
Update File
Click the Update button.
View File
View the restricted status for the file. Hover over the icon to view the details.How do I create a recurring event in an account calendar as an admin
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Account Calendar
Click the Add icon.
To add additional calendar(s) to your Canvas calendar, click the checkbox next to the calendar and click the Save Changes button.
Add Event
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
You can enter a location.
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the account calendar.
Add Event Frequency
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can select from multiple recurring options, including no repeat, daily, weekly, monthly, annually, every weekday, or a custom frequency.
Notes: Each frequency selection has an occurrence default:
daily = 365 (days in a year)
weekly = 52 (weeks in a year)
monthly = 12 (months in a year)
annually = 5 (The event will occur for five years)
every weekday = 52 * 5 (weeks in a year * weekdays)
Additionally, users can have a maximum of 400 occurrences.
Add Event Custom Frequency
To create a custom recurring event, select how often the event repeats, which day(s) it repeats on, and when it ends. Click the Done button.
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links and add an address location.
If you only want to create the event as a placeholder and add details later, click the Submit button. You can edit your event at any time.How do I view student quiz results in New Quizzes as an instructor
Moderate Quiz
In New Quizzes, click the Moderate tab.
View Moderate Page
To view student quiz results, click the Attempt link next to the student's name. 
If there is more than one attempt, you can view past results. To view a past attempt, click the attempt you want to view.
View Results Page
View the quiz results which include the score, points earned, and time spent on the attempt. 
View the individual quiz questions.
To print the studen't results, click the Print Results button.
To return to the moderate page, click the Back to Moderate link.
Select Text Size for Results
To select a text size for the printed quiz results, select a text size option. You can print the quiz results with medium text, large text, or extra large text. Medium text is the default size.
To remember your text size setting, click the Remember text size setting checkbox.
To open the print preview, click the Print Preview button.
Select Print Options
New Quizzes uses your browser's print dialog window to print the quiz results. You can select a different printer, and choose other printing options, such as layout, pages, and color printing options.
To print your quiz, click the Print button.
To save the quiz results as a PDF file, select the Save as PDF option in your browser's print dialog window.What are External Apps (LTI Tools)
When would I use an External App?
External Apps add functionality to a Canvas course. For example, an instructor may want to include a study aid (flashcards, mini-quizzes, etc.) to help students better understand the concepts being taught. 
Admins can add external apps for accounts and subaccounts via XML, URL, or manual configuration.
If apps do not already exist for a course, instructors can add external apps in their courses to create additional learning paths for students. External apps can be added to Modules, Course Navigation, the Rich Content Editor, and Assignments.
In the Rich Content Editor, external apps can be accessed from the Apps icon or added to the toolbar for an account.
When would I use the Canvas App Center?
Admins and instructors can also enable apps through the App Center, which is integrated directly in Canvas.
The Canvas App Center is part of the Apps tab in both Account and Course Settings. It allows you to:
Add new features to Canvas at the account or course level
Configure apps to link to modules or assessments
Install apps without the help of IT
Created a customized teaching experience
Open the door to more possibilities 
Filter apps by name
View installed apps
The App Center is part of the Apps tab in both Account and Course Settings. 
Admins can manage the apps that can be used in courses for accounts and subaccounts by creating an allow list in the Edu App Center and managing the allow list in Canvas. How do I use the Dashboard as an observer
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Dashboard
The Dashboard is your landing page in Canvas. Depending on your institution, your Dashboard may default to one of two views: Card View or Recent Activity View.
Card View: displays course cards for quick access to all your favorite courses (the same courses display in the Courses link from the Global Navigation Menu)
Recent Activity View: displays all recent activity for all courses
View Student Dashboards
To filter your dashboard by student, click the Student drop-down menu, then click the student's name. The dashboard view displays based on your student's dashboard view.
View Global Announcement
The Dashboard may also include global announcements, which are announcements created by your institution. To remove the announcement from your dashboard, click the Remove icon.
View Dismissed Announcement
If you dismiss a global announcement, you can view dismissed announcements on the Global Announcements page.
Change Dashboard View
To change your Dashboard view, click the Options menu and select your preferred viewing option.How do I view a discussion thread in Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
View Discussion
View the discussion topic.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
Quote Discussion Replies
When viewing discussion thread replies, you can quote a threaded reply. 
To quote a discussion thread reply, click the Options icon and then click the Quote Reply link.
View Quoted Discussion Reply Options
To include or exclude the quoted reply in your message, click the Include quoted reply in message toggle button.
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor.
Click the Reply button.
View Quoted Discussion Reply
View the quoted message in your reply.How do I link to other Canvas pages in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Open Page
Click the title of the page you want to open.
Edit Page
Click the Edit button.
Insert Link
In the Rich Content Editor, place your cursor where you want to insert the link. You can add links to course or group content. The name of the page will appear in the Rich Content Editor and flash yellow. Then the name will turn blue, indicating it is a link.
Save Page
Click the Save button.
View Page
View the page.How do I manage API access tokens as an instructor
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
View Access Tokens
Third-party applications with access tokens and user-generated access tokens are listed in the Approved Integrations section. 
For each access token, you can view the name, purpose, expiration date, and date of last use.
Note: Mobile access tokens are generated for you when you log in to a Canvas mobile app and never expire. To remove access for a mobile application, the access token must be deleted.
Add Access Token
To manually add an access token, click the Add New Access Token button.
Add Token Details
Enter a description for your access token in the Purpose field. You can also select an expiration date by clicking the Calendar icon. To generate a token with no expiration, leave the Expires field empty.
To generate a new access token, click the Generate Token button.
View Access Token
View the token description. To view details for the token, click the details link.
View Token Details
The access token details include a token that can be used to make API calls on your behalf.
To regenerate an access token, click the Regenerate Token button.
Delete Access Token
To delete an access token, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm the deletion, click the OK button.How do I download submission comments as a PDF in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Download Submission Comments
In the Assignment Comments section in the Sidebar, click the Download Submission Comments link. The PDF opens in a new tab in your browser.
Notes: 
If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
If an assignment is anonymous, the Download Submission Comments link will not display until the assignment grades are posted.
View Submission Comments PDF
The PDF file displays information about the assignment including the assignment name, course name, student name, assignment score, and the account where the course resides. Each included comment displays the name of the user who created the comment, the comment, and the date and time of the comment.
To download the PDF to your computer, click the Download icon.
Note: To print the submission comments, click the Print icon.How do I upload ZIP files as a student
Upload Files
Click the Upload button.
Open File
Click the title of the file you want to import and click the Open button.
Choose ZIP Option
If you want to expand all the contents of the ZIP file, click the Expand It button. If you want to upload the ZIP file intact, click the Upload It button.
View Progression
You can track the progression of the upload by monitoring the progress bar.
View Files
Your files will be uploaded to your personal or groups file storage area.How do I publish or unpublish a page as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Status within an Individual Page
Within individual pages, the page status is shown next to the page options.
Publish a Page
To publish a page, click the Publish button. The button will change from gray to green.
Unpublish a Page
To unpublish a page, hover over the published button. The hover text will confirm you want to unpublish the page, and the button will change from green to gray. Click the button to confirm. 
Note: You cannot unpublish a page that has been set to the Front Page.
View Scheduled Page Publication
When your page is saved for scheduled publication, you can return to the page and manage the publishing of it at any time by clicking the Will publish on... button. 
You can choose between publishing the page, unpublishing the page, or scheduling the page for publication options and then click the OK button.
View Status of All Pages
On the Pages Index page, you can view the status of each page. Green icons indicate the page is published. Gray icons indicate unpublished pages. You can change the status of a page by toggling the published and unpublished icons.
If enabled by your institution, you can schedule when a page will be published and can view when a page is scheduled to publish.
Publish a Page
To publish a page, click the unpublished icon. The hover text will confirm you want to publish the page.
Unpublish a Page
To unpublish a page, hover over the published icon. The hover text will confirm you want to unpublish the page. Click the icon to confirm. 
View Scheduled Page Publication
If enabled by your institution, you can view when a page is scheduled to publish by hovering over the calendar icon. The hover text displays when the page is scheduled to be published. Click the calendar icon to change the publication status.
Pages Student View
Students cannot see any of the actions involved with published status, such as published and unpublished icons and setting icons. Students will only see published pages, which are posted in blue text.How do I edit or delete an outcome group in a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Select Outcome Group
Locate the outcome group you want to modify.
Modify Outcome Group
To edit an outcome group, click the Edit button. Editing an outcome group lets you change the outcome name and description as set when creating an outcome group.
To delete an outcome group, click the Delete button. 
Note: If you delete an outcome group and the outcome group generates an error, your outcome group contains an outcome that cannot be modified. Move the outcome to another outcome group, then try deleting the outcome group again.Can I repurpose content from the Guides for my institution's use
The Canvas Guides and associated resources are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. Content may be downloaded and repurposed as long as you adhere to the following characteristics:
Attribution—You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
NonCommercial—You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
ShareAlike—If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.What user enrollment and registration options are available in Canvas
Self Enrollment
Self-enrollment is an open enrollment method that allows students to use a secret URL or code to join a course. This option requires students to have an existing Canvas account—most institutions automatically create Canvas accounts for each student through SIS import. 
If you enable self enrollment for an account, instructors can allow self-enrollment for their course in Course Settings to generate the secret URL or code to send to students. 
Instructors can also add a link to the course home page for students to join the course at any time. This option also works well for courses added to the Public Course Index.
Self Registration
Self registration is an authentication method through Canvas that allows users without an account to create an account for themselves. 
If you enable self registration but students do not have a Canvas account, self registration allows them to create their own account to log in to Canvas and join the course. 
Open Registration
Open registration allows students to be added to a course, even if the students don't have a Canvas account in your institution. Students will create their account during the course enrollment process. 
You can enable open registration in your account settings.How do I view grade change activity for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Tools
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Tools link.
Open Logging
Click the Logging tab. 
Select Log Type
From the log type drop-down menu, select the Grade Change Activity option. 
Search for Grade Change
To view grade change activity results, search using one or more search parameters. 
Grader allows you to search by grader name (e.g. instructor or TA)
Student allows you to search by student name
Course Id allows you to search by course. You can locate your course id number at the end of your course URL (i.e. canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX).
Assignment Id allows you to search by assignment. You can locate your assignment id number at the end of your course URL (i.e. canvas.instructure.com/courses/assignments/XXX).
From/To Date allows you to narrow your search parameters by date range.
Note: When typing an individual's name into either the grader or student field, Canvas will automatically generate a list of matching names. Canvas will not accept entries in the grader and student fields that are not selected from the drop-down list of Canvas users. Currently, the assignment and course id can only be searched if the id is known. 
View Grade Change Activity
Enter search criteria in the appropriate field(s) and click the Find button. Canvas will display any applicable results for the criteria entered. In the example above, the search generated all activity based on the grader and student. Results include:
The Date the grade was changed
The Time the grade was changed
The previously assigned grade it was changed From; the dash (-) indicates there was no previously assigned grade and an EX indicates the assignment was excused
The new grade it was changed To
The Grader who assigned the grade change
The Student who received the grade change 
The Course in which the grade was changed
The Assignment for which the grade was changed 
Whether or not the grader selected the Hide Student Names (Anonymous) option in SpeedGrader settingsHow do I de-cross-list a section in a course as an instructor
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Sections
Click the Sections tab.
Open Section
Click the section name link of the section you want to de-cross-list.
De-Cross-List This Section
Click the De-Cross-List this Section button.
Click the De-Cross-List This Section button. The section will be moved back to its original course.
Note: If you de-cross-list a section that includes student grades, Canvas will include a message that all grades will no longer be visible. If you need to retain student grades and put them in the original course, you should export the Gradebook and import it into the original course before de-cross-listing the section. Where do I find my institution's URL to access Canvas
Find Your School's Canvas URL
To search for and find your institution or school's Canvas URL, use the Canvas URL search page. Enter your school's name in the search page and be as specific as possible. You can also try alternative names for your school, such as the name of your school district, abbreviations, or longer institution names.
Canvas Web Access
You can access Canvas through an institution-specific Canvas URL. Canvas URLs use one of the following structures: [your institution's name].instructure.com or canvas.[your institution's name].edu. 
Some institution's may also allow access to Canvas via an institution-specific authentication system which redirects to Canvas, such a school student portal or website. 
Canvas Network and Free-For-Teacher Accounts
Canvas Network and Free-For-Teacher accounts do not follow an institution-specific URL structure. 
You can access Canvas Network accounts at learn.canvas.net. 
You can access Free-For-Teacher accounts at canvas.instructure.com. 
Mobile App Access
Instructure products are optimized for desktop displays. However, if you are using a mobile device, you can access Instructure products using a mobile application (app) or mobile browser. For the best user experience, please download and use the product mobile app applicable to your user role: Canvas Teacher, Canvas Student, or Canvas Parent using an Android or iOS device. 
Within a mobile app, you can search for your institution on the app login page or manually enter your school's Canvas URL. 
Mobile App Access via QR Code
To navigate to your school's Canvas instance and log in to a Canvas app, scan your Canvas profile QR code from Canvas web. View QR code login instructions as an instructor, student, or observer. How do I submit an online assignment as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
View Course Assignments
Click the name of an assignment.
Start Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Start Assignment button.
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Submission Attempts
Your instructor may limit the number of submission attempts you are allotted for an assignment. If your assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view the number of submission attempts you have made and the number of submission allowed for the assignment.
Once you have used all your submission attempts, the New Attempt button displays as disabled.
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor will decide what kinds of submissions are appropriate for each Assignment. There are four submission types: upload a file, submit a text entry, enter a website URL, or submit media. You can only select one submission type per submission.
Note: Depending on the assignment submission type set by your instructor, not all file types may be available for your assignment submission.
Submit Student Annotation
To submit an annotated document, click the Student Annotation tab.
Note: Group assignments do not support the student annotation submission type.
Submit a File Upload
To upload a file from your computer or take a photo using your webcam and submit it as your assignment, select the File Upload tab.
Submit a Text Entry
To submit a text entry assignment, select the Text Entry tab. 
Note: The assignment submission Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Submit Website URL
To submit a website URL, select the Website URL tab.
Submit Media Recording
To submit a media recording, select the Media tab. 
Submit Assignment
When you are ready to submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button. 
Note: Large files submitted using the File Upload tab display a submission status indicator. 
View Submission
After you have submitted your work, you will see information in the Sidebar about your submission. For file uploads, the sidebar provides a link to your submission to download if necessary.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button. You can view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor can see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator.
You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page.
Notes: 
Your assignment still displays in Assignments page and the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions.
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. Viewing my personal to-do items in the Canvas Student app
View Personal To-Do Items
To view your personal to-do items, view the Sidebar To Do list or the List View Dashboard in Canvas on a web browser.How do I add a course in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Course Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Add Course
Click the Add Course button.
Add Course Details
In the Course Name field, create a name for the course.
In the Reference Code field, create a reference code for the course. The reference code is also known as the short name or course code and is displayed at the top of the Course Navigation Menu and as part of a student's course card in the dashboard. The code is also referenced in the account Courses page.
In the Subaccount menu, select a sub-account for the course. You can type the name of a sub-account to search sub-accounts or select a sub-account from the drop-down menu. Menu options are based on the sub-accounts already created in your account. 
In the Enrollment Term menu, select the term you want to associate with the course. You can type the name of a term to search terms or select a term from the drop-down menu. Menu options are based on the terms already created in your account. 
Add Course
Click the Add Course button.
Open New Course
View the success message. To open the course, click the Go to the new course link.How do I make a quiz available before or after the due date as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
To add a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
Edit Quiz
To edit the settings of an existing quiz, locate the quiz. Classic Quizzes display an empty Quiz icon. New Quizzes display a filled quiz icon. 
To edit the quiz, click the Options icon, and select the Edit option. 
View Availability Dates
View the availability date options for your quiz:
Available From: the date and time when the Assignments will become available to students. If no time is set, this date defaults to 12:00 am for the course time zone.
Until: the date and time when students can no longer submit the assignment. If a date does not include a time, the listed date defaults to the course's default due time.
When the assignment is published, blank availability date fields allow the assignment to be viewed throughout the entire course.
Note: If you have set section override dates in your course, you may need to select a course section and set availability dates that fall within the section override dates.
Set Available From Date
To set an Available From date, click the calendar icon and select the date and time. Click the Done button.
Set Until Date
To set an Until date, click the calendar icon and select the date and time. Click the Done button.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button.
Note: If you edited an existing quiz, any saved changes will automatically be updated.
View Quiz
View the quiz and the dates you have made the quiz available to students.How do I add requirements to a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Edit Module
Locate the name of the module and click the Options icon. Select the Edit link.
Add Requirement
Click the Add Requirement link.
Set Requirement Type
To require students to complete all requirements listed on the Edit Module Requirements page, click the Students must complete all these requirements option. To require students to complete all requirements in sequential order, click the Students must move through requirements in sequential order checkbox.
To require students to complete any one of the requirements listed on the Edit Module Requirements page, click the Student must complete one of these requirements option.
Note: Each requirement setting only applies to the required items listed. 
Manage Required Items
The requirement setting selected applies to the listed required items.
By default, the first item in the module is listed a required item. 
To select a different module item, click the item dropdown. 
To manage how the item must be completed, click the completion requirement dropdown. 
To add additional required items, click the Add requirement link. 
To remove a required item, click the Remove icon. 
Notes: 
If you have chosen to have students complete all requirements and would like them to complete each item in the module, you must add each module item as a requirement. 
If you have included a content item in the same module multiple times, you can set different requirements for each item
Update Module
Click the Update Module button.
Re-Lock Module
If you change module requirements that students have already fulfilled, Canvas will ask if you want to let students progress through the course or re-lock the modules and require students to complete the requirements again.
To re-lock the modules, click the Re-Lock Modules button. To allow students to continue without any changes, click the Continue button.
View Requirements
View the module requirement type and the required items for the module.How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as a student
View Account
To view your user information, click the Account link. A menu will expand and display links to access your user settings, notification settings, personal files, and ePortfolios (if enabled). If your institution has enabled Profiles, you can access your profile. 
You can also use the Account link to log out of Canvas.
View Dashboard
The Dashboard is the landing page after you log in to Canvas. The Dashboard can be toggled to a course view, list view, or recent activity view and shows notifications for all current Canvas courses.
View Courses
To view your courses, click the Courses link. The Courses menu displays your list of favorite courses, or, if you haven't selected any favorite courses, the menu displays current courses where you are enrolled. If a course includes term dates, the name of the term will appear as part of the course listing.
To view a course, click the name of the course. To customize your courses list or view all your Canvas courses, click the All Courses link. 
View Groups
If you are enrolled in Groups, view your groups in the Groups link. A menu will expand and display all groups in current courses where you are enrolled. 
To view a group, click the name of the group. To view all your groups, click the All Groups link.
Note: Groups cannot be customized in the drop-down menu. 
View Calendar
To view your Calendar, click the Calendar link.
View Inbox
To view your Conversations Inbox, click the Inbox link. Conversations is the Canvas messaging system where you can communicate with other users in your courses. The number of new messages are shown as part of the Inbox icon.
View History
To view your recent Canvas course page view history, click the History link. Recent History displays up to three weeks of your Canvas course page view history. 
View Help
To get help with Canvas, click the Help link . Select the help option that is relevant to your needs. 
Note: Depending on your institution settings, the Help menu may display different options. 
Collapse Global Navigation Menu
To expand or collapse the Global Navigation menu, click the arrow icon.
The Global Navigation Menu will be automatically collapsed for tablet screens.Canvas Data 2 Technical Frequently Asked Questions
What does the timestamp 'ts' mean in the 'meta' field of the query result-set?
ts is a last modified timestamp (or commit time) for the record in the table. When a new record is inserted into a table hosted by CD2, it is assigned the time of insertion. When that record is later updated, the timestamp is refreshed to match the time when the update took place. Finally, when the record is eventually deleted, the timestamp reflects the time of deletion.
How do 'since' and 'until' relate to 'ts' in the result-set?
since and until are filters on the commit time (or last modified timestamp). All records in the result-set are in range of since and until.
Can I get duplicate records of the same key in the result-set?
No; keys in the result-set of a snapshot or incremental query are always unique.
How do I turn an incremental query result-set into a SQL statement?
You would probably want to use an INSERT-or-UPDATE statement. In PostgreSQL, this looks like as follows:
INSERT INTO ... (...)
VALUES (...)
ON CONFLICT (...)
DO UPDATE SET ...
What do I do with records in the result-set that have a 'key' but no 'value'?
Output records that have a key field but no value field correspond to deleted records. The data is no longer available in Instructure's systems, and should also be deleted from your local copy. These records are also marked with an action of D in meta.
What does '__cd2_oversized_truncated__' mean? (Some of the fields/columns can have this as a value.)
__cd2_oversized_truncated__  is a special placeholder (string constant) that indicates that the original data was too large to include in the result, usually several MBs in size. Unfortunately, it is not possible to recover the value of these fields/columns. However, such large values are typically the result of a mistake (e.g. a student copying a binary Word document into a plain text field), and seldom carry valuable information useful for analytics.
How do I capture the state of the database at some point in time?
CD2 doesn't support point-in-time queries, you cannot reconstruct a previous historical state of the database, you can only synchronize your local copy to the most up-to-date state kept by Instructure.
How do I get all data from the beginning of time to a specific date?
Unfortunately, this is not supported by CD2. CD2 lets you bring your local database in sync with the current database state at Instructure. If a record has been updated or deleted in the source database in Instructure's domain, you cannot retrieve the previous versions of that record. However, records are available indefinitely so long as they exist in Instructure's systems, they don't fade away over time. For example, you should be able to get all courses a student has applied to, or all assignments they have submitted, because they all appear as different records, not versions of the same record.
How do I get a stream of all record transitions?
CD2 lets you bring your database to the latest state but doesn't (reliably) return interim states. Even if you try to poll the CD2 API query job endpoint with a short interval, multiple change data capture events to the same record will be coalesced into a single change, and only that single change will be returned in the incremental query result-set. CD2's output cannot serve as a change log of all database transitions, only as a means to bring your local database up-to-date with the latest state in Instructure's systems.
Troubleshooting
I got an HTTP 4xx status code as a response.
An HTTP 4xx class error (e.g. HTTP 400 Bad request) is a permanent error. To learn more about why your request was rejected, check the payload of the HTTP response. The HTTP body should be an application/json media type and contain an object with the error property. This includes information on why the request was rejected.
Some of my queries return a result-set in which 'meta' has a field called 'action' with values 'U' and 'D'. However, other queries don't have this field.
Incremental queries have the field action in meta, which specifies if a record was upserted (inserted or updated) or deleted. If a record is upserted, you would typically use an INSERT-or-UPDATE SQL statement in your database to update the record. If a record is deleted, you would use the DELETE SQL statement to remove the record.
Snapshot queries don't have action because it would be a redundant field. Snapshot queries assume your database is empty, and all records are to be inserted. You would typically use a COPY or INSERT statement to populate the database.
When I try to load a result-set with CSV format into another tool, I get an unexpected end of line error.
CSV output in CD2 complies with RFC 4180. Section 2.6 of this specification, which talks about how newlines in values are represented, is often inadequately implemented in tools. Specifically, if a value has an embedded newline character, the output should be enclosed in double quotes, but the newline character should be represented verbatim (not as an escape sequence). However, tools often assume that a record always fits a single line, which is not the case under these circumstances.
The sample PostgreSQL create script has 'CREATE TYPE ... AS (...)' but my data warehouse or database engine does not support this syntax.
The reference PostgreSQL script to create the database has so-called nested types. Not all database engines have nested types. If your engine doesn't support them, you can use the more generic SQL type json. json allows you to insert arbitrary nested structures as JSON data. However, you may not be able to filter on json columns as effectively as other column types.
I am getting an error that there is no data available for the range, or the range is out of bounds.
Make sure you properly chain your incremental queries. You should always use the until timestamp of the previous incremental query (or the at timestamp of your initial snapshot query) as the since timestamp of the next incremental query. You shouldn't specify arbitrary values for these parameters, only re-use those returned by a previous response.
It seems that I cannot provide an 'until' timestamp unless I also provide a 'since' timestamp.
Timestamps since and until are means of chaining incremental queries. You should always use the until timestamp of the previous incremental query as the since timestamp of the next incremental query. CD2 stores only the latest state of any record, until cannot be used to reconstruct the state of a record at a past point in time.
Some part or sequence numbers are missing in the set of files returned by CD2 API.
CD2 API may return S3 objects that don't have contiguous sequence numbers, e.g. part1, part2, part5 may be present whereas part3 and part4 may be missing. This is not an error.
File names, in general, are informative. You shouldn't make any assumptions based on the file name pattern.
The files that the CD2 API is returning are generated by independently executing concurrent tasks. Depending on the execution context, input parameters, etc. a task may find several records that match the query, or it may fail to find any record. Furthermore, a task may be killed while it's processing records and it's workload might be delegated to another task. Therefore, the numbers may not be contiguous, which explains why you might have a part1 and a part5 but no part4.
Some files returned by CD2 API are empty (possibly except for the header).
Each output file produced by the CD2 API may contain zero or more records. An integration script should be able to handle the case when the file contains no records.
The files that the CD2 API is returning are generated by independently executing concurrent tasks. Depending on the execution context, input parameters, etc. a task may find several records that match the query, or it may fail to find any record. If no records are matched, an empty file is returned.
Empty files are handled automatically by the official CD2 client library.How do I reset my password as a student
Email Errors
If you enter your email address and never get a password reset email, review the following password tips.
Have you typed your email address correctly? Sometimes email addresses can be misspelled. Email addresses need to be entered exactly as they were registered.
Are you accessing the correct Canvas URL? You will not get the reset email if you are trying to reset your password on a site where you are not enrolled (such as canvas.instructure.com instead of myinstitution.instructure.com).
Is your Canvas email sponsored by your institution? If your email address is part of a campus firewall system that blocks emails from mass senders, you won't be able to receive the email. Contact your institution's IT department for assistance.
Are you the owner of your email address? If your email address is owned by someone else and you can't receive email for that address, you won't be able to get the reset email. Contact the owner of the email address for assistance.
Reset Password
In a new browser window, open to your Canvas login page. Click the Forgot Password? link.
Note: If your login screen does not show the password reset link, contact your institution for assistance.
Request Password 
Enter the login information associated with your Canvas account and click the Request Password button.
Note: The password reset field verifies password reset information by user login. Depending on your institution, login information may vary. 
View Password Recovery Notification
A notification displays stating that it may take up to 30 minutes to send password recovery instructions to your email and you may need to check your spam folder to locate the email. 
Check Email
Return to your email account and sign in. Open the Forgot Password email. (If the email is not in your Inbox, check your Spam folder.)
If your user login is associated with multiple email addresses, password reset instructions will be sent to each address.
Open Password Link
Click the Click here to set a new password link.
Note: Password reset emails expire after two hours.
Change Password
Type in a new password and then confirm that password by typing it again. Click the Update Password button.
Log in to Canvas
With your login credential and new password, log in to Canvas.How do I grade a website URL submission in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from the assignment.
Select Submission
Select the student whose submission you would like to view.
View Submission
View the submission. SpeedGrader displays a screenshot of the website at the time of submission. To view the full website, click the URL link.
Grade Submission
To grade the submission, enter a grade in the Grade field.
If you added a rubric to the assignment, you can view the rubric by clicking the View Rubric button.How do I weight the final course grade based on assignment groups as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment Groups Weights Settings
Click the Assignments Options icon and select the Assignment Groups Weights option.
Weight Final Grade
Click the Weight final grade based on assignment groups checkbox. 
Set Weights
Enter the percentage weights for each of the different Assignment Groups you created. The percentage weights you specify here will determine how Canvas calculates the final grade for your course. These percentages can be changed at any time and students will be notified when any changes are made. The weights will show up in the Gradebook for both students and instructors.
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
Assignment group weights can include decimals.
The total percentage of all assignment groups can be set above or below 100%.How do I use the Comment Library in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz. 
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Open Comment Library
To open the Comment Library, click the Comment Library icon. 
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
Add Comment to Library
To add a new comment to the Comment Library, type your comment in the Add comment to library field. Then click the Add to Library button. 
Edit Comment in Library
To edit an existing comment from the Comment Library, click the comment's Edit icon. Make changes using the comment field and click the Save button to save your changes. 
Delete Comment from Library
To delete an existing comment from the Comment Library, click the comment's Delete icon.
Manage Comment Suggestion Setting
To enable or disable suggestions from appearing when typing in the SpeedGrader comments field, use the Show suggestions when typing toggle.
Note: Suggestions appear when the first three characters typed in the SpeedGrader comment field match the first three characters of a comment in the Comment Library. 
Add Comment from Comment Library
To add an existing comment to the student's submission in SpeedGrader, click the applicable comment.
Add Comment from SpeedGrader
If you have enabled comment suggestions, comment suggestions display when at least the first three characters of a comment in the Comment Library are typed in the Assignment Comments field in SpeedGrader. 
To insert a suggested comment into the Assignment Comments field, click the suggested comment.
View Unposted Comment Warning
When you create a text, media, or audio comment and try to advance to the next student or a previous student for the assignment, you are notified that the comment has been created but not posted. 
To save the comment as a draft for the submission, click the Proceed button.
You can choose to not be notified for comments that have not been posted by clicking the Do not show again for this assignment checkbox.
Notes:
The option to not show the warning applies on a per-assignment basis. Viewing another assignment and navigating between students before posting a comment also displays the warning.
The option is also stored on a per-browser basis, so viewing an assignment in a different browser also displays the warning.
View Draft Comment
If you navigate away from the SpeedGrader page or view another student submission before submitting your comment, Canvas notifies you that your comment has been saved as a draft. You can return to the submission at any time and submit or delete the draft comment. Comments cannot be viewed by students until they are submitted.
Submit Comment
To submit the comment, click the Submit button.How do I use the Syllabus as an observer
Open Syllabus
In Course Navigation, click the Syllabus link.
View Syllabus
The syllabus includes the syllabus description, the syllabus table, and the sidebar.
View Syllabus Description
The syllabus description may contain the course description, a brief introduction, class guidelines, weekly reminders, and other important information from your student's teacher.
View Course Summary
The Course Summary is automatically generated for the course and contains a list of assignments and calendar events. Assignments are indicated by the Assignments icon, and events are indicated by the Calendar icon. Non-graded items with a to-do date show the to-do date in the syllabus.
Click the title to view the details of the assignment or event. Any assignments or events that are past the due date are highlighted in gray. Undated items are listed in alphabetical order. 
View Time Zones
If you have set a specific time zone in your User Settings, all course dates and times will display in your local time, but if you hover over the time, you can also see the course date and time.
View Sidebar
The sidebar section displays information about course events and grading. If your Syllabus is also set as your course home page, the sidebar may also include additional features.
The Syllabus sidebar includes a mini calendar. Any date that includes an event or assignment due date are shown with a gray background. To view an associated assignment or event in the Syllabus table, click the calendar date.
If your student's course includes weighted assignment groups, the sidebar may also shows the percentages of each group. 
Note: If you cannot view assignment group totals, your student's teacher has restricted this feature.How do I add all items or a random set from an item bank to a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To add all items or a random set from an item bank, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Open Item Banks
Click the Item Banks button.
Open Item Bank
Click the name of an item bank.
Add Multiple Items
Click the Add All/Random button.
Edit Item Bank Question Settings
By default, the quiz includes all items from the item bank and will award one point per question. To edit these settings, click the Edit icon.
To change the item bank for the items, click the Select the destination bank menu.
To use all items from the item bank, select the Use all questions option. To randomly select a specific number of items, select the Randomly select questions option and enter the number of items to use in the Number of questions field.
To adjust the amount of points awarded per question, enter the number in the Points per question field. To save your settings, click the Done button.
View Item Bank
View the items. You can view the question numbers that will be represented by items, the item bank used, and the amount of points per question to be awarded.
To move the questions, click the Move icon. To delete the item bank questions, click the Delete icon.How do I view captions in a video in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
View Embedded Video
Embedded videos display directly in Canvas.
Note: Videos that are embedded as extra large size or larger with captions display a Captions icon.
Select Caption Language
To view the video captions, click the Settings icon then select the Captions link. To view captions in an offered language, click the language name. 
View Captions
When closed captioning is enabled, you can view the captions as the video plays.How do I enter a URL as an assignment submission for a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
Click the Web URL option.
If your instructor only allows URL submissions, the Website URL field displays in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the URL submission type does not display in the Choose a submission type section, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Submit a Website URL
Type or copy and paste the URL into the Enter Web URL field. 
You can submit assignments from Google Drive, Dropbox, or another third-party service by sharing the file, copying the URL, and submitting as a website URL. Alternatively, you can download the file to your computer and submit as a file upload if the assignment allows. 
To preview your URL in a new browser tab, click the View icon.
To submit your URL submission, click the Submit Assignment button. 
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission your assignment attempt by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
Note: A URL must be entered to view the Preview icon and Submit Assignment button. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.Open Quizzes
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz Options
Locate the quiz you wish to send, then click the quiz Options icon. Select the Send To... option.
Select Recipient
To send your quiz to another instructor, click or type in the Send to field. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your quiz. 
Note: You can send the quiz to multiple instructors at one time. 
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the quiz to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Quiz
Click the Send button. 
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the users's Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content. How do I upload a file to a course as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Upload File
Click the Upload button.
Open File
Click the title of the file you want to upload and click the Open button.
Upload Files via Drag and Drop
Some web browsers contain a unique feature that allows the user to add to files by simply dragging and dropping the files from a file window directly into the Canvas file repository. Click the title of the file you wish to add and drag the file to your open browser. Your file will automatically upload.
Replace Duplicate File
If a file with the same name already exists in the folder where you are uploading your file, you will be asked if you want to replace or rename it. 
To rename the file, click Change Name button. This option will create a duplicate copy of the file with a different name.
To replace the file, click the Replace button.
View Upload Progress
A progress bar will appear at the top of screen tracking the progress of your file upload.
View File
View your new file in the course.
Note: If you are using Usage Rights, you must set the file usage rights before the file can be published.How do I hide sections from students on the People page as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Course Details
Click the Course Details tab.
Hide Section Column
Click the Hide sections on the People page from students checkbox.
Update Course Details
Click the Update Course Details button.
Student View
When students view the People page, the Section column no longer displays.How do I manage API access tokens as a student
Open User Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
View Access Tokens
Third-party applications with access tokens and user-generated access tokens are listed in the Approved Integrations section. 
For each access token, you can view the name, purpose, expiration date, and date of last use.
Note: Mobile access tokens are generated for you when you log in to a Canvas mobile app and never expire. To remove access for a mobile application, the access token must be deleted.
Add Access Token
To manually add an access token, click the Add New Access Token button.
Add Token Details
Enter a description for your access token in the Purpose field. You can also select an expiration date by clicking the Calendar icon. To generate a token with no expiration, leave the Expires field empty.
To generate a new access token, click the Generate Token button.
View Access Token
View the token description. To view details for the token, click the details link.
View Token Details
The access token details include a token that can be used to make API calls on your behalf.
To regenerate an access token, click the Regenerate Token button.
Delete Access Token
To delete an access token, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm the deletion, click the OK button.How do I move or reorder an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Drag and Drop Assignment
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder assignments. Click the drag handle next to the assignment name. Drop the assignment in the desired location by releasing the mouse.
Move Assignment
You can also use the Move To option to reorder an assignment. Click the Options icon and select the Move To... link.
Select Assignment Group
In the Move Assignment sidebar, click the Assignment Group drop-down menu, then select the assignment group for the assignment. If you want to keep the assignment in the existing assignment group, select the existing assignment group name. However, if you want to move the assignment into another assignment group, select the new assignment group name.
Place Assignment
In the Place drop-down menu, select the placement of the assignment you are moving. You can move the assignment so that it is at the top of the section, before or after a specific section, or at the bottom of the section. 
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the third drop-down menu. Select the assignment that should be before or after the assignment you are moving. 
Move Assignment
Click the Move button.
Move Assignment Group Contents
If you want to move all assignments within an assignment group, click the Options icon and select the Move Contents link. 
Choose Assignment Group
In the Move Contents Into sidebar, click the Assignment Group drop-down menu, then select the assignment group.
Note: Choosing a placement for the assignment group contents will place all contents in the same order as they currently exist in the assignment group. After you have moved the contents, you can reorder assignments within the assignment group individually.
Place Contents
In the Place drop-down menu, select the placement of the contents you are moving. You can move the contents to appear at the top of a new assignment group, before or after specific items within the selected assignment group, or at the bottom of the list of items in the selected assignment group. 
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the third drop-down menu. Select the assignment group content item that should be before or after the contents you are moving.
If you want to move the contents to another location, change the sidebar placement options again.
Move Contents
Click the Move button.How do I manage an allow list in the Edu App Center as an admin
Log in to Edu App Center
In the browser's search bar, type eduappcenter.com and click the Login link.
Select how you want to log in by choosing Twitter, Github, Microsoft, Google, or creating an account using an email.
Open Organizations
Click the Admin link. In the drop-down menu, select the Organizations link.
Learn more about creating and managing organizations.
Manage Allow List
Click the Manage Allow List button.
Manage Apps
By default, all apps are hidden. Hidden apps do not display in the app center list. You can show or hide all apps by clicking the Allow All or Hide All buttons. 
Show or hide individual apps by clicking the Hidden and Visible buttons next to the app. 
When you are finished, return to your organization page by clicking the name of your organization.
Note: Apps added to an EduAppCenter allowlist may take up to 24 hours to display in Canvas.
Create New Token
To create an API Token, click the Create New Token button.
Note: When an invalid access token is inputted into the Edu App Center, no tools display.
Share API Token
To view your app token, click the App Center Tokens tab.
Copy the API token to use for your allow list. 
An API token can be used to manage allow lists directly in Canvas and display approved apps at the account, subaccount, and course levels. 
Note: An organization can create multiple tokens, but each token directs to the same allow list. Multiple tokens can be used to create access for specific users and deleted at a later date. How do I edit the default page in my ePortfolio section as an instructor
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link. 
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Go to ePortfolio
Click the Go to the Actual ePortfolio link to open your ePortfolio. The ePortfolio will open to the default page.
Edit Page
Click the Edit This Page button to add or change content on the default page.
Add Content
Content can be edited by using the Add Content links. You can add Rich Text Content, HTML/Embedded Content, Course Submissions, or Image/File Uploads. 
Save Page
Click the Save Page button.
View Page
View your changes to the default page.How do I create a roll call seating chart using the Attendance tool as an instructor
Open Attendance
In Course Navigation, click the Attendance link.
Open Class View
Click the Class tab.
Edit Seating Chart
To create a seating chart for your class, click the Edit Seating Chart tab.
Create Seating Chart
The first time you edit the seating chart, all your students' names will appear in the left column. Drag your students onto the grid and arrange them as desired. Remove students from the seating chart by dragging them to the green box in the left hand column. You can rearrange the placement of students in the grid as necessary. How do I view the Mastery Paths range breakdown results for an assignment as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the Mastery Paths assignment.
Note:You cannot access mastery paths breakdown results from New Quizzes. 
View Breakdown Ranges
In the sidebar, view the Mastery Paths Breakdown section.
The section displays each of the three ranges and the number of students who scored in each range. The colored bar shows the percentage of students in that range.
To view details for a range, click the link with the student results.
View Student Names
The breakdown window displays the names of students in your selected range. If you want to view student names in another range, click the range heading. The current range will collapse and the selected range will expand.
To view results for a specific student in a range, click the name of the student.
View Student Results
When viewing a specific student, you can see the details about that student. Below the student's name, you can click the Send Message link, which opens a new browser tab in Conversations. 
You can view the student's Mastery Path source item score and the date of the submission. If you want to view the student's submission, click the View Submission link, which opens the student's submission details page in a new browser tab. 
You can also view the conditional items in the Mastery Path that have been assigned to the student. Each item includes the points possible for the assignment.
View Conditional Item Results
If the conditional items include graded assignments, Canvas displays an icon indicating the student's score compared to the original assignment score. The comparison uses percentage scores from the source item and conditional item. For example, if a student scored 80% on the source item and 85% on the conditional item, a green arrow displays. A green arrow indicates a student scored higher, a red arrow indicates a student scored lower, and a gray bar indicates the score was equal. Student grades are visible in the Gradebook.
View Another Student
To view another student in the same scoring range, click the Next or Previous arrow.
To return to the list of student names and ranges, click the Back link.
To close the breakdown window, click the Close icon.How do I add an admin to an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Settings, click the Settings link. 
Open Admins
Click the Admins tab.
Add Account Admins 
Click the Add Account Admins button. 
Add Admin Role and Email
In the Add More drop-down menu, set the admin role type. The default admin role in Canvas is Account Admin which has access to all account-level permissions. You can also create admin roles for your institution and manage their permissions.  
In the text box, type the email address of the user. 
Click the Continue... button.
Note: Once you add a user as an account admin, they will have all permissions listed on the Permissions page for the selected role. Additionally, you cannot edit an admin account after you create it. If you need to change an admin user's role, you must delete their admin account and add it again.
Add Account Admins
Verify the user you added is listed in the admin field. Select the OK Looks Good, Add this [#] User button to add the admin. Click the Go back and edit the list of users link to adjust any errors.
A message will appear in your browser.
Verify New User
Verify the new administrative user was added.How do I remove students from a Scheduler appointment in a course calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Manage Appointment Slot
Find and click the appointment slot.
Remove Attendees
If you want to retain the appointment time slot but need to remove the specific student, click the Remove icon.
Confirm Removal
Type the reason for deletion in the Reason for deletion field. Click the Delete button.
Delete Time Slot
If you need to remove the entire time slot, click the Delete button.
Confirm Deletion
Click the Delete button.How do I edit an announcement in a group as a student
Open Announcements
Open a group in which you are a member. Then, in Group Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Note: You can only edit announcements that you created. Learn how to create an announcement. 
Edit Announcement
Click the Options icon, then click the Edit link.
Save Announcement
Edit the announcement title or content.
Publish Announcement
Click the Publish button.What are Conferences
Instructor View
Conferences makes it easy to conduct synchronous (real-time) lectures for all users in a course. Conferences allows users to broadcast real-time audio and video, demo applications, share presentation slides, or demo online resources.
When would I use Conferences as an instructor?
Use Conferences to: 
Connect with your students for online office hours or study sessions designed to help them prepare for a test.
Connect with your colleagues for professional development webinars.
Practice presenting online. Students can set up practice presentations in their student Groups.
Invite special guests to your classroom by adding them as a student or observer to your course.
Broadcast a live event or lecture to the students that can't be onsite.
Record your conferences so students can view them at a later date. Recordings are automatically deleted 7 days after the conference ends. 
Learn more about conferences as an instructor.
Student View
Students can create conferences to talk about course assignments, host study groups, and collaborate on projects.
When would I use Conferences as a student?
Use Conferences to:
Connect with your instructor for online office hours or study sessions 
Connect with fellow students for guest speakers or professional development webinars
Practice presenting online in student groups or with your instructor in a class conference
Collaborate in student groups for group projects or other coursework
Learn more about using conferences as a student.How do I import outcomes for a course as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Import Outcomes
Click the Import button.
Upload File
Drag and drop your CSV file to the upload area, or click in the upload area to choose a file from your computer.
Open File
Locate the CSV file and then click the Open button.
View Import Status
Canvas displays a loading page while the file uploads. Large CSV files may take time to import. You can leave the Outcomes page at any time without disrupting the import process.
View Import Success
When the file has been successfully imported, Canvas displays a confirmation message. You will also receive an email that the import was successful.
View Import Errors and Warnings
If the import was not successful, or if the import altered existing outcomes, Canvas displays an error message.
The error message displays for outcome import errors and for outcome import warnings. 
You will receive an email with details about the first 100 errors and warnings. Each error or warning will include the CSV row number and a description of the error or warning. 
Import errors stop the import process entirely and need to be fixed before outcomes can be imported successfully. The following types of errors may occur in CSV files:
Required headings are missing
Other headings are placed after the ratings header
Invalid headers are present
Required fields are missing
Import file contains no data
Invalid UTF-8 string
When an import warning occurs, Canvas skips the affected row and the import moves on. The following types of warnings may occur in CSV files:
Rating tiers have missing points
Rating tiers have invalid point values
Rating tiers have points in wrong order
Object type is incorrect
Parent group refers to missing outcomes
Parent groups are invalid
Workflow state is invalid
Calculation validation method not specified
Group receives invalid fields
Outcome edits are not within the same context
Correct the errors in the CSV file according to the Outcomes Import Format Documentation and re-import the file.
View Outcomes
View the outcomes imported into your course.How do I install Canvas Data Services using Live events in my account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Developer Keys
In Account Navigation, click the Developer Keys link.
Open Inherited Tab
In the Developer Keys page, click the Inherited tab.
View Canvas Data Services Key
Find the Canvas Data Services key. If necessary, set the key to On by clicking the State button.
Copy Client ID
Copy the client ID found in the Details column.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open App Configurations
Click the Apps tab. Then click the View App Configurations button.
Add App
Click the Add App button.
Enter App Details
In the Configuration Type menu, select the By Client ID option.
Then paste the Canvas Data Services client ID in the Client ID field.
Click the Submit button.
Verify App Installation
To verify that you want to install Canvas Data Services, click the Install button.
View Canvas Data Services
Once Data Services is installed, you can view the Data Services link in your Account Navigation.
Clicking the Data Services link will open the Data Streaming Options page. From this page, you can create and manage data streams.How do I organize my ePortfolio as a student
Open ePortfolios
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the ePortfolios link.
Open ePortfolio
Click the title of the ePortfolio.
Organize Sections
Click the Organize Sections link.
Manage Sections
You can organize your ePortfolio sections in the menu. 
To rename a section, click the name of the section and type the new name in the field. 
To reorder a section, hover over the section name and wait for the cross arrows to appear. Click and drag the page to the new location in your ePortfolio organization.
View Section Settings
You can also use the Settings icon to organize ePortfolio sections.
To view your options, click the Settings icon. To rename a section, click the Rename link. To delete a section, click the Delete link. 
To move a section, click the Move To... link.
Move Section
In the section drop-down menu, select the section that should come after the section you are moving. Click the Move button.
Save Changes
Click the Done Editing button.How do I view student results in a quiz as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Show Student Quiz Results
Click the Options icon, then select the Show Student Quiz Results link.
View Individual Results
Under the heading Students who have taken the quiz, click the name of a student. 
View Most Recent Attempt
The sidebar displays each attempt and the score for each attempt.
In the content area, Canvas displays the results of the most recent attempt by default. The attempt number being viewed is shown in bold text.
View Prior Attempts
If there is more than one attempt, you can view past results. To view a past attempt, click the attempt you want to view. The results of the quiz attempt will appear in the content area.
Moderate This Quiz
You can also use the Moderate this Quiz page to view quiz results, along with the overall number of student quiz attempts. Click the Moderate this Quiz link.
View Quiz Results
View the number of attempts and the most recent score for each attempt. To view results for a specific student, click the name of the student.How do I accept an invitation to join a course as an observer
Receive Email Invitation
You will receive the course invitation via email. The invitation will include the course name and your user role in the course. To complete registration, click the Get Started button.
Note: You will have to sign in to Canvas to accept the course invitation. If you don't have a Canvas account you'll be able to create one as part of the course invitation.
Complete Registration
If you need to set up an account, you will need to create a password, enter your time zone, and view the privacy policy. Then click the Register button.How do I view and sort discussion replies as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
View Discussion
In a discussion, you have several options to view and sort discussions. Use the search field to search for replies or specific authors. To filter by unread replies, click the Unread button. To view deleted replies, click the Show button. You can also collapse and expand all discussion replies.
To subscribe to a discussion, click the Subscribe button. Subscribing to a discussion allows you to follow the discussion and receive notifications as set in your notification settings. You are automatically subscribed to any discussions you reply to. When you create a discussion, you are also automatically subscribed to the discussion. If you are subscribed, the button will have a green background. To unsubscribe, click the Subscribe button and the background will turn gray. 
To edit the discussion topic, click the Edit button.
To open options for the discussion, click the Options icon. Options allows you to mark all existing posts (replies) as read, delete the discussion, and close the discussion for comments. If your discussion is graded, you can view the rubric for the discussion, if any, as well as access SpeedGrader to grade the discussion. 
You can view how many unread and replies are in a thread. The number on the left indicates unread replies, while the number on the right indicates the total number of replies.
Note: The Discussions page supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Graded Discussion
If your discussion is a graded discussion, you can view the discussion the same way as regular discussions. However, you can view the number of points the discussion is worth, and if there is a due date. The Options icon will show the rubric for the graded discussion, if any, as well as a link to SpeedGrader.
View Group Discussion
If a discussion is a group discussion, you can view the groups that have access to the discussion. To access and view the group discussion, click the group links. 
Group discussions only appear for students if they are a member of the group. 
View Replies
Discussion replies are shown in order of post date. In discussion replies, the unread icon indicates the reply is new and unread. The read icon indicates a reply is read. When you navigate away from the discussion or refresh the page, Canvas automatically marks the replies as read. After Canvas has changed the reply status, you can manually mark discussion replies as read or unread at any time. 
You can also change your Discussion Settings so you can manually mark discussion replies as read.
View Threaded Discussion
Threaded Discussions are discussions with replies within replies. In addition to post date, replies are shown in hierarchal order, with replies naturally indented to indicate when a student replies to another student's reply. 
When viewing threaded discussion replies, collapse and expand individual threaded discussions by hovering over the top of the white box containing the entire reply. When a threaded discussion reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies. 
View Liked Discussions
If you allow students to like replies in a discussion, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the discussion. Blue icons indicate replies that you've liked. The number of total likes also appears next to the icon.
View Enrollment Notice
If a discussion includes a reply from an inactive student, a label displays next to the student's name. Inactive student graded discussions can still be graded in SpeedGrader, but students do not receive any notifications about their discussion and cannot view course grades.
Search for Reply
To search for a discussion reply, enter any term in the Search field. Search results include matches for user names and reply text.
View Reply in Discussion
To clear search results and view the reply as part of the entire discussion, click the View in discussion link.
To copy a direct link to the discussion reply, right click the View in discussion link and select the Copy Link Address option.
View Reply Settings
Each discussion reply has its own options menu.
In original discussion replies, you can return to the main discussion topic by clicking the Go to Topic link. 
In threaded discussions, if you are viewing a reply within a reply, return to the original reply by clicking the Go to Parent link.
To edit or delete the reply, click the Edit or Delete links.
View Graded Discussion Settings
Graded discussions also include an Open in SpeedGrader link to grade the discussion replies.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to a discussion, reply to the main discussion topic by clicking the Reply field. If your discussion is threaded, you can reply to any other post in the discussion by clicking the Reply link.How do I automatically assign peer reviews for an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Open Peer Reviews
Under Related Items in the sidebar, click the Peer Reviews link.
View Assigned Peer Reviews
Canvas will automatically assign a peer review to the student. Assigned peer reviews appear underneath the student names. A check mark indicates a peer review has been completed. A warning icon indicates a peer review still needs to be completed. 
If the student has not submitted the assignment or submits the assignment after the due date, the student will not automatically be assigned a peer review and you must manually assign one.
Notes: 
It may take up to one hour for Canvas to assign peer reviews.
A student's peer review is considered complete after they comment on the submission. If a rubric has been added to the assignment, they must also fill out that rubric.
Manage Peer Review
You can also remind students who still need to complete their assigned peer review(s). Peer review reminders are sent as notifications.
To send a reminder, hover your mouse over the assigned peer review and click the Reminder icon. To cancel a peer review, click the Delete icon. 
Automatically Assign Reviews
In the sidebar, you can also assign multiple peer reviews to students who have submitted their assignment but don't already have reviews assigned to them. Enter the number of reviews per user then click the Assign Peer Reviews button.
Assign Group Assignment Intra-Group Peer Reviews
In group assignments, you also have the option to allow intra-group peer reviews. 
Peer reviews require a student to review an individual submission by another student. However, group assignment submissions are made by one group member on behalf of the entire group, and all group members have the same submission.
By default, the Allow intra-group peer reviews checkbox is not selected, which means Canvas will exclude members of the same group when assigning peer reviews. However, by selecting the checkbox, reviews can be assigned randomly to all members of the course, including members of the same group. 
To allow Canvas to automatically assign a peer review to any student in any other group, including students from within the student’s own group, select the Allow intra-group peer review checkbox. Selecting the checkbox allows assignments to be truly random and disregard group associations. How do I submit a quiz as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the quiz title to open quiz.
Take Quiz
Click the Take the Quiz button.
Resume Quiz
If you navigate away from the quiz, when you return to the quiz the button will show as Resume Quiz.
Submit Quiz
Answer the questions in the quiz. Learn how to view the quiz page.
When you are finished, click the Submit Quiz button.
Unanswered Questions Warning
If you have forgotten to answer some of the quiz questions, Canvas will confirm your submission before submitting the quiz. To submit the quiz anyway, click the OK button. To return to the quiz, click the Cancel button.
View Results
View the quiz results to find out your score.How do I view the Global Announcements page as an observer
Open Global Announcements
In the Global Navigation menu, click the Account link, then click the Global Announcements link.
View Current Announcements
To view currently active announcements, click the Current tab.
There are five announcement types for global announcements:
A blue announcement with an i icon indicates an information announcement type.
A red announcement with an exclamation icon indicates an error announcement type.
An orange announcement with an exclamation icon indicates a warning announcement type.
A blue announcement with a question icon indicates a question announcement type.
A blue announcement with a calendar icon indicates a calendar announcement type.
View Recent Announcements
To view announcements from the past four months, click the Recent tab.
View Dismissed Announcement
When you dismiss a global announcement, Canvas displays a message notifying you that you can view the announcement on the Global Announcements page. To view the announcement, click the View button.How do I grade one quiz question at a time in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz you want to open. 
Open SpeedGrader
In the Sidebar, click the SpeedGrader link. 
Open SpeedGrader Options
To enable question grading, click the SpeedGrader settings icon and select Options from the drop-down menu.
Select Grade by Question
 Select the Grade by question (beta) checkbox.
View Number Bar 
When question grading is enabled, Canvas will display a number bar above the quiz view panel to represent each question in your quiz. 
Numbers in gray boxes with gray numbers represent questions that have already been graded. These are multiple-choice, true/false, and other types of questions where instructors can assign the answer and have Canvas grade the quiz automatically. 
Numbers in white boxes with blue numbers represent questions that need to be graded manually. Canvas will also display a red notification bar with the quiz questions that need to be reviewed and assigned a grade.
Note: Manually graded questions will turn gray in the question bar once a score is entered and updated for a student.
View Additional Questions 
If the number of questions in your quiz exceeds the width of the number bar, you can use the arrows at either end of the number bar to advance to additional questions. 
You can also scroll down the quiz to locate the quiz question you want to view. The number bar will adjust automatically as you scroll.
Note: The question bar is dynamic according to the size of your browser view. Zooming into your browser’s window will decrease the number of questions in the number bar, while zooming out will increase the number of questions. The minimum number of questions that will appear within the largest zoom view is 18.
Select Questions 
To view a question, click the question number in the number bar. 
If a question needs to be manually graded, you can click the question number directly within the notification window. 
Note: When hovering over any box in the number bar, the box will temporarily fill with a light gray color to indicate which quiz number you want to select.
View Blue Outline in Number Bar
Once you begin to view the quiz, a blue outline around the number will identify the question you are currently viewing. A blue outline will also appear around the entire question.
Assign Grade
To assign a grade for a question or to revise the grade for an automatically graded question, enter the score in the points field, then click the Update Scores button.
Note: You may also enter fudge points to adjust a student's score for an entire quiz. 
Advance to Next Student
To grade a student submission for the same question, click the arrow in the student menu or click the drop-down menu and select a student from the student list. SpeedGrader will show the same quiz question for the next student. How do I copy a quiz to another course in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Quiz Options
Locate the quiz you wish to copy, then click the quiz Options icon. Select the Copy To... option.
Select Course
Enter the name of a course or course code in the Select a Course field. 
Search results are sorted by term, with the default term first, followed by most recent term start date. Results for each term are sorted alphabetically and display the course name, course code, and term name.
Select the course into which you want to copy the quiz.
Note: The Select a Course drop-down menu only displays courses in which you have an active or future enrollment. You cannot copy quizzes to a concluded course.
Select Location
If you wish, you can copy the assignment into a specific module and location within a course. 
Click or type a module name in the Select a Module field. Then select the module for the copied assignment.
To select a location within the module, click the Place drop-down menu. You can select to copy the assignment to the top of the module, before or after a specific module item, or at the bottom of a module. 
Copy Assignment
Click the Copy button. 
View Copy Notification
Canvas displays a notification when an assignment is copied successfully. 
When finished, click the Close icon or the Close button. 
View Copied Quiz
Copied quizzes display on the Quizzes Index Page for the course into which it copied.
Note: Embedded files or images in the quiz may require an additional 10-30 seconds to be visible in the copied quiz.How do I set up Canvas Data 2 with an API client (Postman) as an admin
Use Canvas Data 2 API Resources
View Canvas Data 2 Usage Workflow resource document
API specification and schema
Step by step video with Postman
Example with Postman using a Client ID and Client Secret pair for authorization: collection and environment file
Notes: 
The Postman reference solutions are examples and were created to demonstrate and make it easier to quick start and try out the API flow. We are not committing to maintain it for this community. You can use any API client of your choice.
If you are using Postman client then it is good to know that if you download the OpenAPI spec, it can be directly imported into Postman (and most probably other API clients have similar features).
Generate Client ID and Secret
Before using Postman, you need to generate a Client ID and Secret for Canvas Data 2.
Import Collection File
In Postman, click the Collections link and then click the Import button. 
Download and import the Postman Collection file.
Upload Collection File
Click the Upload Files button.
Locate the collection file and click the Open button.
Import Postman Collection File
Click the Import button.
View Collection
View the collection file.
Import Environment File
In Postman, click the Environments link and then click the Import button. 
Download and import the Postman Environment file.
Upload Files
Click the Upload Files button.
Locate the collection file and click the Open button.
Import Postman Environment File
Click the Import button.
View Environment
View the environment.
In the CLIENT_ID field and CLIENT_SECRET field, add the Client ID and Secret generated in Identity Services. 
To save the collection, click the Save icon.
View Additional Resources
Entity relationship visualiser
PostgSQL schema or MySQL schema: meant to capture the database structure of data queried with DAP API. One can populate this structure by feeding TSV or CSV data with COPY, good for inserting both snapshots and incremental updates.How do I add an event to a course calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Make sure the checkbox of the course in which you're making an event is selected.
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
Add Event Details
Enter a title for the event. 
Depending on how you added your event, the date may be populated for you. If not, enter a date in the date field.
The calendar times may also be populated for you in the From fields. To edit, use the dropdown or enter the start and end time for your event. To create an all-day event, leave the From fields blank so there is no start and end time for your event. 
In the Frequency drop-down menu, you can set recurring calendar events.
You can enter a location.
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the course calendar.
Submit Event
To add additional details to your event, click the More Options button. You can use the Rich Content Editor to add a description or resource links.
If you only want to create the event as a placeholder and add details later, click the Submit button. You can edit your event at any time.How do I edit a discussion in a course as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
Edit Topic
Click the Edit button. 
Edit Topic in Discussions Redesign
To edit a discussion in Discussions Redesign, click the Options icon and click the Edit option.
Edit Discussion
To edit the discussion, use the Rich Content Editor. You can also edit other discussion options.
Save Discussion
Click the Save button.
Note: If you are editing an unpublished discussion and want to publish it, click the Save & Publish button.Accessing my assignments
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. If this link does not display, it is disabled in your course.
View Assignments Index Page
The Assignments Index page displays a list of all graded items assigned to you in your course, including discussions, quizzes, and assignments. You can also search for a specific assignment. Learn more about the Assignments Index Page. 
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. If this link does not display, it is disabled in your course.
View Modules
The Modules page displays all published modules in your course. Your instructor determines the order of the modules as well as the items included in each module.
You may be able to locate and access assignments on the Modules page. Learn more about viewing Modules. 
Open Index Pages
In Course Navigation, you may be able to click the Discussions link or the Quizzes link.
Filter Displayed Results
On the Quizzes page, you can search for a quiz.
On the Discussions page, you can filter and search discussions. 
View Course To-Do List
In the course sidebar, the To Do list displays all recent announcements and up to seven assignments that are due in upcoming weeks, including ungraded quizzes and assignments that do not require a submission.Discussions Overview (Instructors)
In this video, you will learn about the Discussions Index page and discussion creation.
Last updated 2023-06-02
View the script for this video
To view subtitles for this video, click the button in the toolbar.
Video overviews reflect current feature functionality in Canvas; they are updated based on workflow changes, not on minor or non-functional interface enhancements. Depending on your institution's Canvas theme, the Canvas interface may display differently than shown in this video, but the functionality is the same.
To learn more about discussions, visit the following lessons:
How do I use the Discussions Index Page?
How do I create a discussion as an instructor?
Discussions Overview (Instructors) Video Script
In this video, you will learn about the Discussions Index page and discussion creation. To view the Discussions Index page, click the Discussions link in Course Navigation.From the Discussions Index page, you can view a list of all discussions in your course,filter the list of discussions to view all or unread discussions,search for a specific discussion by title or keyword, and start a new discussion. You can also manage settings for all discussions in your course by clicking the Settings icon.
When you view a discussion, unread replies are automatically marked as read when you scroll past them. To help you keep track of which posts still need review when you view a discussion, select the Manually mark posts as read checkbox.To allow students to begin a new discussion, select the Create discussion topics checkbox. To allow students to edit and delete their own posts, select the Edit and delete their own posts checkbox. To allow students to attach pictures or documents to a discussion post, select the Attach files to discussions checkbox. Click the Save Settings button when you are done.
The Discussions Index page is organized into three areas: Pinned Discussions, Discussions, and Closed for Comments. The Pinned section displays a list of discussions that show at the top of a student’s Discussions page. The Discussions section displays a list of current discussions with most recently active listed first. The Closed for Comments section displays a list of discussions with expired availability dates and discussions that have been manually closed. To move a discussion from one section, or to organize discussions in the Pinned Discussion section, drag and drop it to the preferred location. Click a discussion’s options iconto open or close commenting, pin or unpin,duplicate, send the discussion to another instructor, copy the discussion to another course, or delete a discussion.
You can also view at-a-glance information for individual discussions.Graded discussions display the assignment icon,and discussions that require a peer review display the peer review icon. Dates display for graded discussions,and for discussions with assigned to-do dates.Publish icons indicate the publish status of a discussion. Click the subscribe icon to subscribe or unsubscribe to a discussion. You can also view the number of unread and total replies in a discussion.
To create a new discussion, click the Add Discussion button.From the discussion details page, give your discussion a title in the Topic Title fieldand add directions, media, and other instructional content using the Rich Content Editor.To assign an ungraded discussion to a specific section in your course, click the Post to drop-down menu and type the name of or select a section name from the options that appear.Add an attachment to your discussion by clicking the Choose File button and selecting a file from your computer.Select other discussion format options in the Options menuand create a group discussion by selecting the This is a Group Discussion checkbox.You can create a graded discussion by selecting the Graded checkbox in the Options menu.Next, enter the discussion point value in the Points field, and specify how the grade displays in the gradebook in the Display Grade As drop-down menu.Then select an assignment group from the Assignment Group drop-down menu.You can also specify peer review requirements for your discussion.Assign a due date as well as availability dates for the discussion.You can also assign the discussion to specific sections and students, or differentiate due dates for sections and students within your course.Click the Add buttonand in the Assign to field, type or select the section or student name.Then add due and availability dates.To save your discussion as a draft, click the Save button or, to save changes and make the discussion available to students, click the Save & Publish button.After you save your discussion you can view the discussion details page.
In the discussion details page, you canpublish or unpublish the discussion,edit the discussion,view discussion options,search and filter discussion replies,collapse and expand discussion replies,subscribe or unsubscribe,and reply to the discussion.
Thanks for watching this Discussions overview video.To learn more about Canvas, ask questions, or engage with other Canvas users, please visit community.canvaslms.com.How do I create an Ordering question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Ordering Question
Click the Add Ordering button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Labels
By default, Ordering questions will include a top label and a bottom label. To name the labels, type the names in the Label fields. To remove labels from the question, click the Include Labels checkbox.
Add Answers
To add answers to the Ordering question, type the answers in the Answer fields. To add additional answers, click the Add Answer link.
To delete an answer, click the Delete icon.
Move Answers
You can move an answer in an Ordering question by dragging and dropping or using the Move icon.
To drag and drop an answer, hover over the answer until the Move cursor appears. Then drag and drop the answer to its new location.
To move an answer using the Move icon, click the Move icon and select the Move Up or Move Down option.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.What are Analytics
Account Analytics
Account admins can see the analytics for the entire account to track and analyze what students, teachers, observers, and/or designers are doing within the account. Analytics work in conjunction with account Statistics.
View a video about Analytics and Statistics.
Notes: 
To view account analytics, analytics must be enabled in Account Settings.
Account analytics also includes analytics enabled at the sub-account level. 
View Account Analytics Hierarchy
Analytics can be used at any level of the account, as long as the user has the account-level permission to view analytics. For example, admins in the root account can view analytics for the account and all sub-accounts. Admins in sub-accounts can view the analytics for their own sub-account and any additional sub-accounts below them.
Admins can also view course analytics within an account or sub-account. Instructors can view course analytics if they are also given the analytics permission at the course level. 
When Would I Use Account Analytics?
In account analytics, there are four main sections:
Overview of what is in the account including Courses, Teachers, Students, Assignments, Discussion Topics, Files Uploaded, and Media Recordings.
Activity by date allows the Admin to view how everyone is participating in the courses within the term and account.
Activity by category allows the Admin to view the participation for Pages, Assignments, Modules, Discussions, Grades, Files, Collaborations, Announcements, Groups, Conferences, General, and Other.
Grade distribution allows the Admin to view what the final grades and in progress grades look like during the term within the account.
Use account analytics to:
Make sure the students, teachers, observers, and/or designers are participating in the course.
See an overview of the term within the account.
View how the users are interacting with the courses in the term.
Watch how the grade distribution fluctuates or stays steady.
View the total number of courses, teachers, students, assignments, submissions, discussion topics and replies, files, and media recording in the term within the account.
Course Analytics
Instructors can see the analytics for a course to track and analyze what students, observers, and/or designers are doing within the course. Analytics work in conjunction with course statistics. 
Note: Viewing course analytics is a course permission. If you cannot view course analytics, your institution has restricted this feature.
When Would I Use Course Analytics?
In course analytics, there are four main sections:
Activity allows the instructor to see when students view a page or participate in the course.
Submissions allows the instructor to view if students submit the assignment on-time, late, or not at all.
Grades use a box and whisker plot to show the distribution of grades in the course.
Student Analytics shows page view, participations, assignments, and current score for every student in the course.
Use course analytics to:
Predict how students react to course activities.
See which students are at-risk and need help.
View how effective your teaching strategies are in allowing students to learn.
See a quick view of what your students are achieving in your course.How do I use the course Outcomes page in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
View Outcomes Page
The Outcomes page opens to the Manage tab. From the Manage tab, you can view and manage outcomes and outcome groups.
To view and manage outcome mastery scales in a course, click the Mastery tab. 
To view and manage outcome mastery calculations in a course, click the Calculation tab.
To view aligned items in a course, click the Alignments tab.
To import outcomes into your course, click the Import button. 
To create a new outcome, click the Create button.
To find an outcome to add to your course, click the Find button.
View Outcome Groups
From the Outcome Groups window, you can view all the outcome groups in your course.
To view an outcome group, click the name of the group. Any outcome groups nested within that group display below the primary group. Outcome group details, including all outcomes that belong to the group, display in the Outcomes window.
To create a new outcome group, click a Create New Group link. Outcome groups can be created at the course level or within another outcome group.
You can adjust the size of the Outcome Groups and Outcomes windows by clicking and dragging the divider bar.
View Outcome Group Settings
To view the Settings menu for an outcome group, click the Settings icon.
To edit an outcome group, click the Edit link.
To remove an outcome from your course, click the Remove link.
To move an outcome group, click the Move link.
To add outcomes, click the Add Outcomes link.
To import outcomes, click the Import Outcomes link.
To view the description for an outcome group, click the View Description link.
View Outcomes
When you select an outcome group, all outcomes in that group display in the Outcomes window. The window displays the number of outcomes in the group.
To search for an outcome, enter the outcome name in the Search field.
Each outcome displays its name and description. To view more description text, click the Expand icon.
To remove or move multiple outcomes, click the checkboxes for the outcomes. The Outcomes window displays the number of outcomes selected in the Outcomes Selected link. To view the names of the outcomes selected, click the Outcomes Selected link.
To remove multiple outcomes from the course, click the Remove button. To move multiple outcomes, click the Move button.
View Outcome Settings
To view the Settings menu for an outcome, click the Settings icon. 
To edit the outcome, click the Edit link. 
To view the assignments aligned to the outcome, click the Alignments link.
To move the outcome, click the Move link.
To remove the outcome from the course, click the Remove link. 
View Student View
To view the Outcomes page as a student, click the Student View button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the Student View button does not display.How do I reply to an announcement as a student
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the Reply link.
Note: If the reply link is not available, the announcement has been closed for comments and you cannot post a reply.
Reply to Announcement
Click the Reply field.
Post Reply
Format your response and add media, links, photos, and/or equations using the Rich Content Editor. Click the Post Reply button.
Note: The announcement reply Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
View Reply
View your reply to the announcement. How do I install PowerShell 3
Download and Install Windows Management Framework 3.0
Find and download the most recent version of Windows Management Framework 3.0, which includes PowerShell version 3.
Note: Version 3 is more compatible with restful API call.
Download and Install PowerShell cmdlet
If you choose to use this example powershell script, you will need to download and install a PowerShell cmdlet called "Powershell Community Extensions" Pscx-3.1.0.msi from https://pscx.codeplex.com/releases
Execute PowerShell Scripts
Go to http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ee176949.aspx
Open a powershell command prompt (Start > Powershell ISE). You will need to run this as an admin (Right-click > Run as administrator)
Type in the command below and click the Enter key; then when the dialog box pops up click the Yes button.
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSignedHow do I configure third-party authentication providers for a Canvas account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Authentication
In Account Navigation, click the Authentication link. 
Choose Provider
In the Authentication drop-down menu, select an authentication service.
Note: If your account is part of an established trust account, you can select Trusted Canvas instance from the Identity Provider drop-down menu. Learn more about configuring trusted Canvas instance authentication.
Save Provider Data
Enter the data required by the service. Some providers require custom components for configuration. 
To enable Just in Time Provisioning, click the Just in Time Provisioning checkbox.
Set Federated Attributes
To use a federated attribute, select a Canvas provider attribute in the drop-down menu. This is the attribute that you want to use in Canvas. Available attributes include admin roles, display name, email, given name, integration ID, locale, name, sis user ID, sortable name, surname, and time zone. 
Click the Add Attribute button.
In the Provider Attribute drop-down menu, choose the attribute value that will match the selected Canvas attribute. Available values include email, family name, given name, locale, name, and sub (subject identifier—a user ID commonly used with Open ID Connect, Google, and Microsoft specifications). 
Note that not all values will exactly match the Canvas attribute. For instance, if you set email as an attribute in Canvas, the provider attribute value options also include email, meaning that the email address from the provider will also be updated for the email address in Canvas. However, some Canvas attributes may not align with the available provider attribute values.
Require Multi-Factor Authentication
Canvas enforces MFA is functionally equivalent to the legacy UIs checkbox for MFA Required being enabled; any accounts that previously had the legacy MFA Required checkbox enabled have this option selected.
To have Canvas enforce the MFA, select the Canvas enforces MFA option. To have SMS carriers send one-time passcodes, click the Send one-time passcodes via SMS (US carriers only) checkbox.
To have the provider enforce the MFA, select Provider enforces MFA option.
To have the user opt in, select User can opt in to MFA option.
Note: Your institutions Customer Success Manager can set MFA to the following: Disabled, Optional, Required for Admins, and Required.
Save Data
Click the Save button.
Manage Provider
To change the position of your authentication providers, click the position menu and choose the placement number for the new position. Positions affect the Discovery URL when an account has configured SSO Settings.
To delete the provider, click the Delete button.
Manage SAML Authentication
If you are using SAML authentication, you can manual refresh SAML metadata by clicking the Refresh Metadata button.
Remove Authentication
To remove all previously configured authentication providers, click the Remove Authentication button. 
Note: The remove button does not affect SSO Settings or Canvas authentication.
Confirm Removal
Removing all authentication methods may affect your students' ability to log in to Canvas. To confirm, click the OK button.How do I publish or unpublish an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
View Status of All Assignments
On the Assignments Index page, you can view the status of each assignment. Green icons indicate the assignment is published. Gray icons indicate unpublished assignments. You can change the status of an assignment by toggling the published and unpublished icons.
Publish an Assignment
To publish an assignment, click the assignment’s unpublished icon. The hover text will confirm you want to publish the assignment.
Unpublish an Assignment
To unpublish an assignment, hover over the assignment's published icon and view its status. If the assignment can be unpublished, the hover text will confirm you want to unpublish the assignment. Click the icon to confirm.
Assignments with student submissions cannot be unpublished, and the hover text will notify you accordingly.
View Status within an Individual Assignment
Within individual assignments, the assignment status is shown next to the assignment name. 
Publish an Assignment
To publish an assignment, click the assignment’s Publish button. The button will change from gray to green. 
Unpublish an Assignment
To unpublish an assignment, hover over the published button for the assignment and view its status. If the assignment can be unpublished, the hover text will confirm you want to unpublish the assignment, and the button will change from green to red. Click the button to confirm. 
Assignments with student submissions cannot be unpublished.
Assignments Student View
Students cannot see any of the actions involved with publish status, such as published and unpublished icons and setting icons. Students will only see published assignments, which are posted in gray text.How do I view my student's Learning Mastery scores in the Grades page as an observer
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Learning Mastery Link
On the Grades page, click the Learning Mastery link.
View Outcomes Overview
In the Learning Mastery tab, you can view overall details about the outcomes available in your student'scourse. Grades will show you the name of each outcome group, as well as the outcome summary. The outcome summary displays the number of outcomes your student has mastered on the left, while the the total number of outcomes within the group are shown on the right. 
Click the down arrow or the name of the outcome group to expand the overall achievement for the entire outcome group.
Click the Print Grades button to print your outcomes results.
Expand Outcome Group
You can expand each outcome to view all outcomes within the group. You can use the expand and collapse icons to expand and collapse all outcome groups at once. You can also expand outcome groups individually by clicking the name of an outcome group or the down arrow.
View Outcomes
When an outcome group is expanded, each outcome is displayed with the outcome name. To view more information about an outcome, hover over the information icon. 
Each outcome also displays an icon indicating mastery.
To view information about outcome alignments, click the arrow icon.
View Outcome Information
The information window displays the assessment of the outcome.
You can view the date for the most recent assessment of the outcome and the assessed mastery level. 
You can also view the calculation method for the outcome and an example of the calculation method. 
View Alignments
Alignments are the assignments and other Canvas items that are linked to an outcome. These alignments show what course assignments you participated in to earn your score. Not all items may be aligned to an outcome. 
To view alignments for an outcome, click the arrow icon.
Each outcome displays a link for each aligned item, as well as your student's assessed mastery level for each aligned item. 
Change Gradebook
To view the standard Assignments grades page for your student's course, click the Assignments link. You can toggle between assignments and outcome scores at any time.
If you are observing a student in more than one course, you can view grades by selecting another course name in the grades course drop-down menu.How do I reply to an announcement in Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
Reply to Announcement
To reply to the main announcement, click the Reply button. 
Post a Message
To enter your reply, add links, photos, equations, and/or media, or @mention course users, use the Rich Content Editor. 
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Your Reply
Your reply will be posted at the top of the announcement reply thread.
Reply to a Comment
To view threaded replies, click the # of replies link.
To reply to a comment, click the Reply link. 
Note: Within the Thread sidebar, you can choose to quote a threaded reply in your response. 
Post a Message
To enter your reply, links, photos, equations, and/or media, or @mention course users, use the Rich Content Editor.
To post your reply, click the Reply button.
View Your Reply
To view your reply, click the # of replies link.
Your reply displays in the Thread sidebar. How do I create a True or False quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the True/False question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit True/False Question Details
To build a True/False question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Text for the answer comments at the end of the question
Select Correct Answer
Hover your cursor to the left of the correct answer to reveal a green "ghost" arrow. Click the green arrow to the left of the correct answer. You will know which answer is the correct answer because both the arrow and the answer comment field around that answer will turn green. In this example, the "true" answer is the correct answer.
Complete True/False Question Details
Type or paste text in the answer comments fields. Use the handle at the bottom-right of the text box to expand.
Note: Any answer comments are visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students. 
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View of True/False Question
This is what a student sees when they encounter a True/False question in a quiz.
Student View of True/False Feedback
This is what students see if they are allowed to see correct answers after submitting the quiz.
They will see if their answer was correct or incorrect. No credit is assigned if the student answers a True/False question incorrectly. How do I find an existing outcome to add to a course in Improved Outcomes Management as an instructor
Open Outcomes
In Course Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Find Outcomes
To find and add an Outcome at the root level course outcome group, click the Find button.
To find and add an Outcome in a specific outcomes group, select an outcome group. In the outcome group, click the Options icon, then select the Add Outcomes option.
Add Outcomes
Click the name of an outcome group.
View the outcome for the outcome group. You can adjust the size of the Outcome Group and Outcome windows by clicking and dragging the divider bar
To locate a specific outcome, you can enter the outcome name in the Search field.
When you have located an outcome, click the Add button for that outcome. When an outcome has been added, the outcome displays an Added label.
To add all outcomes in a group, click the Add All Outcomes button.
To return to your course Outcomes page, click the Done button.
Note: If an outcome or learning standard is not available to you, please contact your Canvas Administrator.
View Warning Message
If you attempt to add more than 50 outcomes to your course, a warning displays with a recommendation to only add outcomes that are relevant to your course.
To return to the Find page and select fewer outcomes, click the Cancel button. To import all the selected outcomes, click the Import Anyway button.
View Outcome
View the imported outcomes.
Outcomes are imported to either the main course outcome level or the selected outcome group. Learn how to move outcomes or outcome groups.How do I create a Lucid assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Select External Tool Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the Lucid option. 
Note: To select an external tool directly from the Submission Type drop-down menu, your institution must set Submission Type Selection as a placement option for the external tool in the Developer Keys page.
Select Lucid App
To select a Lucid app, click the Lucid button.
Select Lucidspark or Lucidchart as the submission type. Then click the Next button.
Note: If you have not yet connected to your free Lucid account, you must set up and connect your free account.
Load Tool in New Tab
To load the assignment in a new tab, click the Load This Tool In A New Tab checkbox.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
Notes: 
To complete a Lucid assignment, students must first set up and connect their free Lucid student account.
Students can view and complete the Lucid assignment directly in Canvas. How do I manage a user's login information in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Add Login
To add a new login, click the Add Login link.
In the Login field, create a login for the user. The login can be a username or email and contain letters, numbers, or the following symbol characters: - _ = +.
In the SIS ID field, you can add an SIS ID.
In the Integration ID field, you can add an integration ID (secondary SIS ID).
In the Password field, create a password for the user. Then confirm the password. 
Click the Add Login button.
Edit Login
To edit an existing login, click the Edit icon.
Update Login
Update any login details as necessary.
When you are done, click the Update Login button.
Note: If you cannot view the password fields, you do not have permission to manage existing user passwords. The user must reset their password through the institution's password management system.
Delete Login
To delete a login, click the Delete icon.How do I find Learning Standards to add to an account-level outcome as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account or Sub-Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Find Outcome
Click the Find button.
Select Outcome Type
To view state standards, click the State Standards outcome group.
To view Common Core standards, click the Common Core Standards outcome group.
Note: If State and Common Core groups are not available to you, please contact your Customer Success Manager.
Choose Outcomes
State and Common Core Standards are nested outcomes, so you can import entire outcome groups into your course, or view all nested outcome groups to locate an individual standard. 
Select the name of an outcome group to view available outcomes. When you have located an outcome, click the name of the outcome you want to import. Click the Import button.
View Outcomes
View the added Outcomes. 
Note: The account or sub-account must have the standards imported first before instructors can find and use them in their courses.What is the Inbox
When would I use the Inbox?
Use the Inbox to:
Send a message to someone in your course or group
Send a message to yourself (displays in your Sent folder)
Reply to messages from others in your course
Filter conversations by course or type
View and reply to assignment submission comments
Learn more about using the Inbox as a student, as an instructor, or as an observer/parent.
Note: You can adjust your notification settings to receive messages using external channels.How do I submit an online assignment in a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
The following submission types are accepted using Assignment Enhancements: Text Entry, Website URL, Media, Annotation, File Upload, and external application. However, your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
Select a submission type from the Choose a submission type section.
If your instructor only allows one submission type, the Choose a submission type section does not display.
Submit Text Entry
To submit a text entry assignment, enter text in the Rich Content Editor.
Once added, your text will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
Submit Website URL
To submit a website URL, add the URL to the Website Url field. 
Once added, your website URL will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
Submit Media Recording
To submit a media recording, click the Record/Upload button. 
Submit Annotation
To submit an annotated document, click the Annotation button.
Note: Group assignments do not support the student annotation submission type.
Submit File Upload
To upload a file as your submission, click the Upload button
To upload a file from your computer, drag and drop a file, or browse your computer files by clicking the Choose a file to upload link.
To capture a photo of your assignment using your computer's webcam, click the Webcam button. 
To upload a file from your Canvas user files, click the Canvas Files button.
Once uploaded, your file will be saved as an assignment submission draft.
Submit Course App File
If added to your course, you may see options to upload a file from a course app such as Google Drive or Office 365. 
To upload a file or URL from a course app, click the More button. Then click the app name. 
Once added, your file will be saved as an assignment submission draft.
Submit Assignment
When you are ready to submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission your assignment attempt by clicking the Cancel Attempt button. 
Note: If you added a text entry submission, you must save the submission draft before you can submit the assignment.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If your assignment is part of a module, you can view the previous module item by clicking the Previous button and the next module item by clicking the Next button. 
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.How do I move or reorder a module item as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Drag and Drop Module Item
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder module items. Click the drag handle next to the module item name. Drop the module item in the desired location by releasing the mouse.
Move Module Item
You can also use the Move To option to reorder a module item. Click the Options icon and select the Move To... link.
Select Module
In the Move Module Item sidebar, click the Modules drop-down menu, then select a module from the list. If you want to keep the item in the existing module, select the existing module name. However, if you want to move the item into another module, select the new module name.
Place Module Item
In the Place drop-down menu, select the placement of the item you are moving. You can move the module item so it is the first item module item, before a specific item, after a specific item, or the last module item.
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the third drop-down menu. Select the module item that should be before or after the module item you are moving, as indicated by the option selected in the previous menu. 
If you want to move the module item to another location, change the sidebar placement options again. 
Move Module Item
Click the Move button.How do I use groups as a student
Open Group
In Global Navigation, click the Groups link, then click a group name link. 
You can learn more about viewing your groups or viewing all available groups.
View Group Details
You can view the group's course code or nickname and the group name.
The Group Home page displays recent messages, To Do items that are coming up, and a link to the group calendar.
Use Group Navigation
You can use the Group Navigation to view or make group announcements, create a group page, view group membership, create or reply to group discussions, view and upload group files, access group conferences, or access group collaborations.How do I view Collaborations as an observer
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
View Collaborations
The Collaborations page displays all collaborations where you have been invited to participate. For each collaboration, you can view the name of the collaboration, the description (if applicable), the person who created the collaboration, and the date and time the collaboration was created.
Open Collaboration
To open a collaboration, click the name of the collaboration.
Note: The collaboration will open in a new tab. You may be asked to sign in to view the file.
Access Collaborations
To access a file, you may need to authorize Canvas to access your Google Drive or OneDrive account. 
To join the file, click the Join button.
To switch accounts, click the Switch account button. 
View File
View the file in Google Drive or OneDrive.How do I use the Canvas Welcome Tour as an admin
Start Canvas Welcome Tour
After logging in to Canvas, you can view a short message about the Canvas Welcome Tour. 
The Canvas Welcome Tour shows you how to add people and courses to Canvas, share course content and templates with teachers, set up video conferencing and other tools, and find training resources and more help. 
To start the Canvas Welcome Tour, click the Start Tour button.
To dismiss the Canvas Welcome Tour, click the Not Now button or the Exit icon. 
Note: Dismissing the tour will disable the tour for your account. 
Reopen Canvas Welcome Tour
If you previously dismissed the Canvas Welcome Tour, you can reopen the tour by clicking the Help link in Global Navigation and clicking the Show Welcome Tour link. 
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help menu and links within the Help menu may not display or may display differently.
Add People & Courses to Canvas
The first stop of the tour displays the accounts in which you are an admin. 
Once an account is opened you can use the resources in the Canvas Welcome Tour message to add individual courses, add individual users, or add bulk users, courses, and enrollments via SIS imports. 
To proceed to the next item on the tour, click the Next button. 
To go to a previous item on the tour, click the Previous button. 
Share Course Content & Templates
The second stop of the tour provides resources about how to use Commons and Blueprints. 
To proceed to the next item on the tour, click the Next button.
Set Up Video Conferencing
The third tour item provides resources to learn more about video conferencing tools. 
To proceed to the next item on the tour, click the Next button.
Find Training Resources & Help
The last tour item opens the Help menu and provides links on how to access training videos and courses. 
To complete the tour, click the Done button. How do I add an account-level role in the Permissions page as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Permissions
In Account Navigation, click the Permissions link.
Open Account Roles
Click the Account Roles tab.
Add Role 
Click the Add Role button.
Add Role Name
In the Role Name field, type the name of the new role.
Save Role
Click the Save button.
View Account Role
View the new account-level role.How do I suspend or reactivate users in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
Find User
Use the filter and search options to find the user in the account.
Open User Profile
In the search results, click the user's name.
Suspend User
Click the Suspend User link. 
Confirm Suspension
To suspend a user and remove all of their login access to authorized systems, click the Suspend button. 
Reactivate User
To allow a user to login again, click the Reactivate User link. 
Click the Reactivate button.Updating users using an SIS import
Override UI Changes
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link and navigate to your account. Then, in Account Navigation, click the SIS Import link.
Choose your file that has the imported CSV using the Choose File button.
Before starting the import, click the Override UI changes checkbox. This will allow the import to modify the sticky fields.
You may also consider clicking the Clear UI-changed state checkbox as well, this will make any fields affected by the current SIS Import modifiable in the future without using the Override UI changes checkbox.
To start the import, click the Process Data button.
 Prevent Users from Modifying their Name
If you use an automated system to import data from a Student Information system, you may want to consider restricting users from modifying their name directly in Canvas.
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link and navigate to your account. In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
In Account Settings, scroll to the Features section.
Disable the Users can edit their own name feature.
Click the Update Settings button.How do I link to a YouTube video in a discussion reply as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the discussion title.
Write Reply
Create a new discussion entry by clicking the Reply text field.
Embed URL
To embed a URL in the discussion reply, click the Link icon and select the External Links option.
Notes: 
You can also insert a link using the Insert menu options.
If enabled in your course, you can link to a YouTube video from the Apps icon.
Insert Link
Enter the video link in the Link field. Then click the Done button. 
View Video Link
View the video link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Apps option, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open YouTube
If the YouTube LTI tool does not display in your recently used applications, you will need to select it from the list of all applications.
Click the YouTube link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Search Videos
Enter a search term in the Search field. Then press Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) on your keyboard.
To view more information about a search option, click the video name.
Embed Video
To embed the video in the Rich Content Editor, click the Embed button. 
To manage the video embed options, click the Embed drop-down menu. You can select to embed a video hyperlink, or you can select to embed a small, medium, or large version of the video in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Video
View the embedded video in the Rich Content Editor.
Post Reply
Click the Post Reply button. 
View Discussion Reply
View the embedded video, or view the video in a new browser window by clicking the link.What should I do at the beginning and end of each term as an admin
Create Term
At the beginning of the term, make sure the term is built. If there is no term, the courses have no home. Instructors should have access to the course(s) they are teaching before and after the term. Once the term is built, then most of the information that goes into the term will be automatically added. This information includes the SIS file with all the student information, sections, enrollments, and cross-listings.
If your institution uses grading periods, you can associate a term with a grading period set. 
Add Sections
The next step is to add sections. This usually takes place via SIS files. The SIS Importer tells Canvas how to interpret the XML file that comes from the SIS file. Those XML files may include section and/or course information. To add a section manually, in Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Course Sections create a course short name by adopting the section name (ie: DS-101 section 001, that will a create a course with the name DS-101-001). Enrollments are automated and flow between the software and Canvas.
Note: Sections are mobile. They are easily created and can move from term to term or course to course. Just be wary that if there are multiple sections (cross-listing), that the instructor knows to not start building the course until the information has been processed through Canvas. For courses with cross-listings (DS-101-001, DS-101-002, DS-101-003), Canvas pulls a random section to be the main one. For example, DS-101-003 is the section that Canvas pulls to be the live course which makes it the section that needs to be built. Otherwise, the hard work of the instructor won't be there in the live course. This is done by live events or manual batch uploads.
End Term
If course participation dates are associated with a specific term, the course should automatically conclude at the end of the term. Course dates can be set to extend past term dates if the course needs to extend past the term. Make sure the grades published correctly and continue to prepare for the next term.How do I assign a graded discussion to an individual student as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Enter Discussion Details
Enter a topic title and discussion details. 
Set Graded Discussion
Click the Graded checkbox.
Enter Grading Details
Enter the number of points possible. Select the Grading Type and Assignment Group, and assign Peer Reviews, if any. 
Assign to Student
By default, Canvas will set your assignment for everyone in your course. To create the assignment for a specific student, click the Everyone remove icon, then start to type in the name of a student. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable. 
You can include more than one student in the To field as long as the students are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the graded discussion is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the graded discussion will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the graded discussion will no longer be available.
Note: Beneath the Due Date and Availability date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for a graded discussion, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add another student with a different due date and availability dates, click the Add button. 
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish 
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
If you do not add course sections to the assignment, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add those sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add additional sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if Everyone or all course sections are assigned to the assignment.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the graded discussion, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the discussion before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the discussion again. 
Notes:
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the graded discussion against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the discussion due date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Discussion Dates
To view users and due dates for the discussion, click the Show Due Dates link.
View the dates assigned to the graded discussion.
View Dates in Discussions Redesign
To view availability and due dates for a discussion in Discussions Redesign, click the Show Due Dates link.
View the dates assigned to the graded discussion.
View Assignments Page
On the Assignments Page, the graded discussion shows there are multiple users and dates assigned to the discussion. Hover over the text to view date availability or due dates. How do I use the People page in an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open People
In Account Navigation, click the People link.
View People in Sub-Accounts
If you have organized courses in your account by sub-accounts and those courses include enrollments, click the Sub-Accounts link to locate and open the sub-account, then click the sub-account's People link.
View People
The People page displays all the users in the account. The page is designed with global settings at the top of the page followed by the generated user data.
All fields are responsive to the width of the browser, which can be adjusted as needed to display course data.
Search and Filter Users
Global settings include searching and filtering by user data. Filters and search fields are updated dynamically.
The People page displays users by all course roles by default. To filter users by individual role, select the Roles menu. 
You can search for a specific user by name, email, SIS ID, login ID, and Canvas user ID. If you have the SIS Data-Manage and SIS Data-Read permissions, you can also search by Integration ID. 
To search for a specific user, type in the search field.
To include deleted users in search results, click the Include deleted users in search results checkbox.
Note: The Roles menu does not include admin roles.
Manage Users
To add a user to the account, click the Add People button. The Add People button only displays if you have permission to manage enrollments. 
To manage account-level user options, click the Options menu. If you have appropriate permissions, you can manage profile pictures and view user groups.
View Users
The People page paginates filter and search results in sets of 15 users and are ordered alphabetically by last name. Each paginated page displays in a table format but columns are responsive according to the widest column for that page. 
Results display the user's name and profile picture, email address, SIS ID (if applicable), and last login date and time. A login on the current date displays the time only.
Each column heading can be sorted in ascending or descending order.
Notes: 
Viewing user email addresses is an account permission. Depending on your permissions, you may not be able to view a user's email address.
If profile pictures are not available or a user has not yet set a profile picture, the user's initials will display in place of a profile picture.
Manage User
To open a user's profile, click the name of the user.
If enabled for you institution you can create a temporary enrollment. You can also act as the user, send a message from the Conversations Inbox, and edit user details.
View User Profile
The user's profile displays information about the user in several areas:
Name and Email: shows the user's full name, display name, sortable name, profile picture, default email, and time zone. As an admin, you can edit the user's profile details, act as the user, merge the user's account, and delete the user from the account. 
Login information: shows the user's login information, SIS ID (if any), account, and last request. If permitted, you can manually manage login information to edit the login information or add an additional login and password.
Enrollments: shows the enrollments for the user grouped by courses and/or accounts (if the user is also an admin).
Page Views: shows the most recent page views for the user. 
When available, you can also view outcome results for the user and send a message to the user.How do I submit a peer review to a discussion as a student
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Note: You can also access your Discussions through your user or course dashboard, Assignments, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
View Discussions 
Click the title of the discussion.
Open Assigned Peer Review
Click the Review Now link. 
Complete Rubric
If the assignment has a rubric attached, you are only required to complete the attached rubric for the peer review to be considered finished. To view the rubric, click the Show Rubric link and enter a score for each criterion in the Points column. Each rubric score will create the total points for the assignment.
When you're finished, click the Save Comment button.
Add Discussion Comment
If your assignment does not include a rubric, you are required to add at least one comment. You cannot view any existing feedback submitted by another student or the instructor.
Type a comment in the comment field, leave a media comment, or attach a file. Click the Save button. 
Confirm Completed Peer Review
A message will appear on your discussion to confirm you have completed the peer review.
Note: You may need to refresh your browser to see that you've completed the required steps for the peer review.How do I send an announcement to another instructor as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement you want to send.
Open Announcement Options
Click the Options icon and select the Send To... option.
Select Recipient
To send your announcement to another instructor, click or type in the Send to field. Then click the name of the instructor to receive your announcement. 
Note: You can send the announcement to multiple instructors at one time. 
View Recipients
You can view all selected recipients in the Send to field. To remove a recipient, click the Remove icon.
Note: To share the announcement to yourself, add your name to the Send to field.
Send Announcement
Click the Send button. 
View Sent Notification
Canvas displays a notification when content sends successfully.
View Shared Content
When an instructor receives shared content, a badge displays on the users' Account icon and in the Shared Content link.
Learn how to manage received content. How do I view differentiated assignments with different due dates in a course as an instructor
View Quizzes
Quizzes that contain multiple users and availability dates will read Multiple Dates on the Quizzes Index Page. You can hover over multiple due date links and view each individual due date.
View Quiz Dates
When you click the name of a quiz, the quiz details will also display the number of individual users and dates for the quiz.
Learn how to create a quiz for individual students or course sections.
View Assignments
Assignments that contain multiple users and availability dates will read Multiple Dates on the Assignments Index Page. You can hover over multiple due date links and view each individual due date. 
View Assignment Dates
When you click the name of an assignment, the assignment details will also display the users and dates for the assignment.
Learn how to create an assignment for individual students, course sections, or course groups.
View Discussions
Graded Discussions that contain multiple users and availability dates will not show Multiple Due Dates on the Discussions Index Page. However, they will show as part of the Assignments Index Page. The Discussions Index Page shows the latest due date and the earliest date the discussion is available or the latest before the discussion closes.
Note: Due dates do not apply to non-graded discussions.
View Discussion Dates
When you click the name of a Graded Discussion, the discussion details will also display the users and dates for the discussion. Click the Show Due Dates link.
View the users and dates for the assignment.
Learn how to create a graded discussion for individual students, course sections, or course groups.
View Syllabus
The Syllabus lists all Assignments according to due date, which causes assignments with multiple sections and due dates to appear more than once.
Assignments that are for everyone in the course will not have a user, section, or group associated beneath the assignment title, meaning it is due on the same date for all students and only appears once in the Syllabus. 
View Modules
Module contents with multiple dates will only be listed once within the Module. Multiple Due Dates will appear next to the affected Module items. You can hover over multiple due date links and view each due date. 
View Calendar
The Calendar displays all Assignments according to due date, which causes assignments, discussions, and quizzes with multiple sections and due dates to appear more than once in the Month view. 
Assignments that are for everyone in the course will not have a user, section, or group associated when hovering over the assignment title, meaning it is due on the same date for all students and only appears on the Calendar due date. 
Multiple Due Dates can also be viewed easily in the Agenda view, which displays dates like the Syllabus.
View SpeedGrader
SpeedGrader displays the assignment as having Multiple Due Dates. View each due date by opening the assignment. 
View Edit Assignment Dates Page
When you use the Edit Assignment Dates page to update multiple assignment due and availability dates at one time, you can view and modify differentiated due dates for students, sections, and groups. How do I review moderated assignments in SpeedGrader as a moderator as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from the moderated assignment or from the Gradebook.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Note: If the moderated assignment was set to hide student names, or student names were hidden in SpeedGrader settings, the student list displays all student names as anonymous. In anonymous grading, the student list order does not match the order in the Gradebook and is randomized for each assignment.
View Submission
View the student's submission in SpeedGrader and associated comments or annotations, if any, from all graders.
The sidebar displays the student's grade and the name of the grader. If an assignment includes multiple graders, the displayed grade is the grade assigned by the most recent grader. 
Note: Depending on the assignment configuration, grader names may be anonymous. If grader names cannot be viewed, names are replaced with Grader.
View Grade Details
To view grading details, click the Show Details link. The details information expands and shows how the grade has been determined.
When a submission is graded by multiple graders, each grader's name or Grader number displays in the details along with the given grade. 
Select Final Grade
If you want to keep the selected grade as the final grade, no action is required.
If you want to assign a custom grade for the student, click the Custom button and enter the new grade in the Grade text field.
When the submission is graded by multiple graders, each grader's name and grade displays in the list. If you want to to select another grader's grade, click the button next to the grade you want to select.
Notes: 
Any annotations and rubrics that were not selected become inaccessible once the grade is released.
Students can only view comments in the submission that is selected for the final grade; they cannot view comments from any other provisional grade reviews. If you want to include any comments from additional reviewers, you will have to copy the comments manually into the submission selected for the final grade.
Select Rubric
If the assignment has a rubric, you can select a rubric to use for the final assessment. To view and select a rubric, click the Select Rubric drop-down menu and select the name of the grader. To fill out the rubric with custom ratings, select the Custom option from the drop-down menu.
If you disabled the Final grader can view other grader names option, grader names will not be visible in the Select Rubric drop-down menu.
View Moderation Page
When you are finished reviewing student submissions in SpeedGrader, grades are not recorded in the Gradebook until they are posted from the moderation page. To view the Moderation Page, click the SpeedGrader Settings icon and click the Moderation Page link.How do I view my favorite courses in the Card View Dashboard as a student
View Course Cards
By default, active course cards are automatically added by Canvas and display up to 20 courses. 
Dashboard courses are ordered alphabetically by course name and your role in the course; nicknames and course codes do not apply to course ordering. Courses with instructor roles are listed first, followed by TA roles and student roles. 
Note: If you want to remove the default course card setting, you can customize the course list and manually select your favorite courses to display in the Dashboard. When you favorite at least one course, the Dashboard will only display favorited courses. Canvas will also continue to automatically favorite new published course enrollments.
View Card Details
Course cards show an overview of course information including the course name, course code, and term.
Each card can include up to four tabs, which represent the four main Canvas features for student course activity: Assignments, Announcements, Discussions, and Files. These tabs mimic visibility and order in Course Navigation, so for instance, if an instructor hides the Announcements link, the Announcements tab will not display on the course card.
An unread icon on the Discussions or Announcements tab indicates that there is a new discussion or announcement in the course. The number in the icon indicates the number of new items.
Create Nickname
If one of your courses includes a long or confusing name, you can create a nickname for your course. Most courses are created using Student Information Systems (SIS) that generate course names based on terms, departments, and section numbers, and courses with similar names may be hard to distinguish.
Course nicknames appear in the Dashboard, Course Navigation Menu, course breadcrumbs, and notification emails.
A course nickname does not affect the course name at the account or course level; it only changes the name of the course for the individual user who created the nickname.
If you need to know the original name of the course, you can hover over the nickname and the original name will appear. Additionally, the course code is not affected and always displays on the course card for course reference.
Notes:
This feature does not currently apply to the global Grades page and Dashboard sidebar elements such as the To Do list.
Course nicknames are limited to 59 characters.
Manage Nickname
To add a nickname, click the Options icon, then type the name in the nickname field. Click the Apply button.
To remove a nickname, open the card options and remove the nickname. The Nickname field will display the original name of the course.
Change Course Color
Course cards can help you organize your courses by customizing the color, which is synced with the color shown for the course in the Calendar. To change the color, click the card's Options icon, then select a new color. The check mark indicates the selected color, and the hex color code displays in the text field. If you want to use a color not shown in the window, you can enter the color's hex code directly in the text field. The hex field will display a warning icon if the hex code is not valid. Additionally, any variation of white is not accepted as a course color.
Click the Apply button.
Note: If you change the color for a course in the Calendar, the color also updates in the Dashboard.
Move Course Cards
You can also move a course card to another location in the Dashboard or remove a card from the Dashboard. Click the Options icon and select the Move tab. Depending on the placement of the existing card, you can move the card to the top of the Dashboard, ahead or behind a specific card, or to the bottom of the Dashboard. 
Once a dashboard card has been reordered, new courses added to the Dashboard always display at the end of all existing courses.
To remove the course card from the Dashboard, click the Unfavorite option.
Note: The Unfavorite option only displays if you previously selected favorite courses.
Drag and Drop Course Cards
You can also manually drag and drop a course card to another location in the Dashboard. Click a course card and drag it to the desired location. 
View Color Overlay
Some courses may include an image for the course behind the course color. By default, course cards with an image include a color overlay. To remove the color overlay from all course cards that contain an image, click the Options icon and then deselect the Color Overlay option.
Remove Color Overlay
When the Color Overlay is removed, the course color will display as a circle behind the card's Options icon. How do I sync course content in a blueprint course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
To include only blueprint courses in your search results, click the Show only blueprint courses option. 
Open Course Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Blueprint Sidebar
In the Course Home Page, click the Blueprint sidebar tab.
Note: You can also access the Blueprint sidebar from any Course Navigation page.
View Sidebar
The Blueprint sidebar provides quick access to blueprint sync information. 
If any changes have been made in the course, the sidebar displays the number of unsynced changes in the course. All course content is copied in the sync regardless of whether or not objects are locked. The only exception is Course Settings, which must be selected on a per-sync basis as part of the sync options. You can also create a notification about the sync from the sidebar.
If you know what content is being synced and you are ready to sync your content, you can sync updates directly from the sidebar.
View Unsynced Changes
If you are not sure what content is being synced, or if you just want to confirm existing changes in the course, you can view specific details about the unsynced changes by clicking the Unsynced Changes link.
The Unsynced Changes page shows the specific content that has been updated. Each content object shows the current status of the object (locked or unlocked), the name of the content item, the content change, and the content object type. 
Content changes can be created, updated, or deleted. Updated changes indicate any change to existing content.
Select Sync Options
Course Settings include all settings options in the course, including Course Navigation. To sync Course Settings to associated courses, select the Include Course Settings checkbox. 
If you want to send a notification about the blueprint sync, click the Send Notification checkbox. Other admins and instructors can set the Blueprint sync notification and receive updates when a sync is complete.
To add a message as part of the notification, click the Add a Message checkbox. The message can be added as a reference to note what changes were made in the sync and displays in the Sync History page.
Sync Changes
Click the Sync button.
View Sync
Once a sync has started, the sidebar shows the sync status as long as you are viewing the page. You can leave the page, but know that the the sync may take a while to process. 
Notes: 
If you immediately view an associated course and don’t see any updates, the sync may still be in process. To confirm sync completion, enable the Blueprint sync notification in User Settings.
Only BluePrint master course content will sync with associated courses. Content that was manually added or copied using a different format will not sync.How do I submit an assignment on behalf of a group using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Choose Submission Type
To begin the assignment, select a submission type from the Choose a submission type section. 
If allowed by your instructor, you can choose to add a text entry submission, a website URL submission, a media file submission, an annotation submission, or a file upload submission. 
If external tools are installed in your course, such as Google Drive or Microsoft Office 365, you can add a Google Drive file or URL submission or a Microsoft Office 365 file or URL submission. 
Lastly, if allowed by your instructor, you may also take a photo of your assignment submission using your webcam.
Notes: 
If your assignment does not list one or more of the available submission types, those submission types have been restricted by your instructor.
Group assignments do not support Student Annotation assignments.
Submit Assignment
Click the Submit Assignment button.
Note: When a group assignment is submitted on behalf of a group, any submission drafts belonging to other group members are deleted. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If your instructor allows multiple attempts, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button. 
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.How do I add a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Add Module
Click the Add Module button.
Add Module Name
Type a name in the Module Name field.
Lock Module Date
If you want to restrict the module until a specific date, you can lock the module.
Add Module Prerequisites
If you have added at least one module to your course, you can require a prerequisite module. A prerequisite module means students must complete the added modules before they can view the new module.
Add Module
Click the Add Module button.
View Module
View your created module.
To add items to your module, click the Add icon or drag and drop to add files to an empty module.How do I use the Canvas Data 1 Portal for an account as an admin
Canvas Data 1 will be deprecated on December 31, 2023. Canvas Data 1 guides will be removed from the Community end of June 2024. Learn more about accessing data using Canvas Data 2.
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Canvas Data Portal
In Account Navigation, click the Canvas Data Portal link.
View Canvas Data Portal
The Canvas Data Portal allows you to manage Canvas Data. The portal includes two sections: the Credential Portal and Documentation pages.
View Credential Portal
By default, the Canvas Data Portal opens to the Credential Portal, which includes all the credentials of your Canvas Data account.
View Recent Data Exports
Depending on your account access, the Recent Data Exports section displays downloadable files daily or monthly. The date of the file is when the data finished the export, not the actual date of the data. Most recent data is generally 24–36 hours older than the given date.
Canvas Data Historical Data
After Canvas Data has been enabled in your account, a series of flat files display nightly for your account. The files contain tables representing all data beginning from the time Canvas Data was enabled in the account, with the exception of page view requests that contain an incremental download from the day before. To receive historical page view requests from before Canvas Data was enabled in the account, please contact your Implementation Consultant. The historical page view table data is uploaded separately and requests are typically processed every other month.
View Users
The Manage Users section shows admins who have been given access to the Canvas Data Portal, along with their permissions. You cannot edit permissions for yourself. 
Any admin who does not have access but who has tried to view the portal also appears in the list. You can choose to edit that user's settings and grant permission access at any time. Learn how to manage Canvas Data Admin users.
View API Credentials
If you would like to grant access to other users or third-party partners to automatically download data, you can generate API credentials and pass them to those users. To generate the credentials, click the Create Credentials button.
Once the credentials are generated, you will need to save them and transmit them securely to the users or third-party partners that will need them. The credentials can be regenerated at any time but the old credentials will be invalidated.
Learn more about the Canvas Data API in the Canvas Community.
View Documentation
To view Canvas Data documentation, click the Documentation tab menu.
The Schema Docs explain all the table data that is exported from Canvas.
The API Docs show all the API calls you can use for Canvas Data.How do I use the People page in a course as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
View People
The People page displays all information about the users in your course. The page is designed with global settings at the top of the page followed by the generated user data.
Search and Filter Users
Global settings include searching and filtering by user data. To search for a specific user, type the user's name in the search field. 
To filter by role, select the Roles drop-down menu. The filter will also display the number of users in each type of role (e.g. student). 
You can also add a user to the course. 
Manage Student Groups
The People page also organizes all your student groups, where you can manage student groups. You can create groups to put students together to complete projects or other activities. Students can set up their own groups, which will allow them to work collaboratively.
Manage Users
To manage course-level user options, click the global Options drop-down menu. You can view user groups. User groups are the same as displayed in the global settings at the top of the page.
You can view prior enrollments in the course. Prior enrollments are students who were previously enrolled in the course and their enrollments have been concluded. 
You can also view a summary of all student interactions in your course. Interactions are recorded when you contact the student via Conversations or when you leave a comment on an assignment. 
You can view registered services for each user in the course. If a person has registered a social media account in Canvas, you can see that service listed and communicate with that person through any social media site they have registered.
You can export a list of pairing codes for all students in your course. Pairing codes are used to pair a student with an observer. This option only displays if self-registration is enabled at your institution and is only available for users with permission to generate observer pairing codes.
View Users
The People page orders users alphabetically by last name. Search and filter results display the following data:
The user's name
Login ID
SIS ID—this column requires permission to view SIS IDs
Section—may be enrolled in more than one section
Role—displays the name of the user role
Last Activity—displays the date and time of a user's most recent interaction in the course. This time stamp updates when a user navigates through the course using the Course Navigation menu, replies to a discussion or submits an assignment or quiz, and when they access course files and pages. Mobile actions may not display due to local device caching.
Total Activity—allows you to see how long students interact within a course and counts page navigation only. Total activity time is displayed in hours:minutes:seconds. If a user has not yet reached an hour of activity, total activity time is display