Admin Role Use
Admin Role Use
The main uses of the Admin role are to allow a user to create and moderate terms, upload and manage SIS data, manage account- and course-level features, and manage course-level user roles and permissions. Depending upon the institution, Admins may also access and manage Canvas courses with permissions similar to those of the Teacher role.
Administrators may be added to an account or to a subaccount with specific account-level permissions configured to best fit their roles. For example, an academic advisor may be added to a Canvas subaccount with access to view SIS, account, and course data and with restricted access to courses and course content. 
In general, Admin permissions and account configurations reflect an institution’s structure. Administrative user roles and permissions may be configured to meet the needs of an institution’s administrative needs. A user can only be added as an Admin to an account by another administrator. 
Admin Access in Canvas
An institution may modify admin permissions based on user roles. To learn more about Admin participation in Canvas, view the Canvas Administrator Guide. 
Admins can:
Act as users
Add and remove other other administrators for the account
Add and remove course designers, observers, students, teachers, and teacher assistants to courses
Add, edit, and delete events on the course calendar
Create and manage course templates
Create student collaborations and web conferences
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Import, manage, and read SIS data
Manage account-level settings and features, developer keys, external applications (LTIs) permissions, storage quotas, and webhooks
Manage courses (including Blueprint courses), course sections, global announcements, and student groups
Manage learning outcomes and rubrics and view and link to question banks
Modify login details for users
Send messages to individual course members and to all members in a course
View account- and course-level statistics, account and course analytics pages, and usage reports for courses
View and comment on student submissions and moderate and post to discussions
View and manage alerts, assignments, notifications, quizzes, and all other course content
View course and grade change logs
View the list of courses, change course states, and undelete courses
View the answer matrix in Quiz Submission Logs
View the list of users in a course and view the group pages of all student groups
View, moderate, and edit grades
The following permissions never apply to subaccounts:
Act as users
Manage Blueprint courses
Manage developer keys and SIS data
Access View Notification tab in Admin Tools
Admin Role Limitations
Some account-level permissions are locked by default and cannot be changed by anyone. Other permissions may be locked by administrators within an institution.
Administrators who are given any course level role such as student or teacher in a course may still be able to view admin features and options. To avoid permission conflicts, admins should create a separate account.