How do I send a message to all students based on specific course participation criteria in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
View Weekly Online Activity
Click the Weekly Online Activity tab.
Message Students Who
Message recipients are automatically populated based on selected criterion as well as any applied filters. 
If you want to filter analytics for a specific section or student, search for and select the intended filter in the Filter field. Then click the Message icon. 
Select Criteria
The Message Students Who window defaults to the Viewed criterion, which allows you to message students based on a specific resource they viewed. 
The Resource field determines the specified resource, and the BCC field displays the number of students who fall within the specified range. By default, the Resource field has All Resources selected. Additionally, any filters in the analytics page automatically display as an intended recipient for the message. If no filters have been applied, the message displays as being sent to all sections.
To select a new resource, choose a resource from the Resource drop-down menu. The BCC field displays the updated number of students and/or sections who have viewed the specified resource.
The Didn't View, Participated, and Didn't Participate criteria options do not include any additional criterion. Selected students are based on participation status, and the number of affected students displays in the BCC field. Again, any filters included in the analytics page also display as intended recipients. 
Verify Recipients
For any criterion, you can manage the users who will be sent the message, if needed. Click the link that includes the number of students, then view the expanded BCC field.
To remove a student from the message, click Remove icon next to the student's name.
To reset student names back to the originally specified list, click the Reset Names link.
Send Message
In the Subject field, enter a subject for your message.
In the Message field, enter the description of your message.
Click the Send button.