How do I view a discussion thread in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the title of the discussion.
View Discussion
View the discussion topic.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
Quote Discussion Replies
When viewing discussion thread replies, you can quote a threaded reply. 
To quote a discussion thread reply, click the Options icon and then click the Quote Reply link.
View Quoted Discussion Reply Options
To include or exclude the quoted reply in your message, click the Include quoted reply in message toggle button.
Add your reply, links, files, and other media in the Rich Content Editor.
Click the Reply button.
View Quoted Discussion Reply
View the quoted message in your reply.