How do I submit an online assignment as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
View Course Assignments
Click the name of an assignment.
Start Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Start Assignment button.
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Submission Attempts
Your instructor may limit the number of submission attempts you are allotted for an assignment. If your assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view the number of submission attempts you have made and the number of submission allowed for the assignment.
Once you have used all your submission attempts, the New Attempt button displays as disabled.
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor will decide what kinds of submissions are appropriate for each Assignment. There are four submission types: upload a file, submit a text entry, enter a website URL, or submit media. You can only select one submission type per submission.
Note: Depending on the assignment submission type set by your instructor, not all file types may be available for your assignment submission.
Submit Student Annotation
To submit an annotated document, click the Student Annotation tab.
Note: Group assignments do not support the student annotation submission type.
Submit a File Upload
To upload a file from your computer or take a photo using your webcam and submit it as your assignment, select the File Upload tab.
Submit a Text Entry
To submit a text entry assignment, select the Text Entry tab. 
Note: The assignment submission Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Submit Website URL
To submit a website URL, select the Website URL tab.
Submit Media Recording
To submit a media recording, select the Media tab. 
Submit Assignment
When you are ready to submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button. 
Note: Large files submitted using the File Upload tab display a submission status indicator. 
View Submission
After you have submitted your work, you will see information in the Sidebar about your submission. For file uploads, the sidebar provides a link to your submission to download if necessary.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button. You can view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor can see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator.
You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page.
Notes: 
Your assignment still displays in Assignments page and the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions.
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. 