How do I view and sort announcement replies as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of an announcement. 
View Announcement
In an announcement, you have several options to view and sort announcements. Use the search field to search for replies or specific authors. To filter by unread replies, click the Unread button. To show or hide deleted replies, click the Show button. You can also collapse and expand all announcement replies.
To edit the announcement, click the Edit button.
To manage the announcement, click the Options icon. Announcement Options allow you to mark all existing posts (replies) as read, delete the announcement, and close the announcement for comments. 
You can view the number of unread and total replies in the thread. The number on the left indicates unread replies, while the number on the right indicates the total number of replies.
View Replies
Announcement replies are shown in order of post date. New and unread replies are indicated by a solid dot. Read replies are indicated by an empty dot. When you navigate away from the Announcement or refresh the page, the sold dots will change to empty dots indicating the replies are read. 
Manage Replies
Announcement replies are shown by post date and in hierarchical order. If a new reply is added to the initial announcement topic, the reply is shown as a new content group. Additionally, similar to focused replies in discussions, users may reply to each other's replies and these responses are grouped together.
Expand and Collapse Replies
When viewing announcement replies, you can collapse and expand individual announcement replies by hovering over the top of the box containing the entire reply and clicking the collapse icon. When an announcement reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
View Liked Discussions
If you allow students to like replies in an announcement, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the announcement. Highlighted icons indicate replies that you've liked. The number of total likes also appears next to the icon.
If you set up the announcement to sort automatically according to the number of likes, original replies will always sort first, and any associated replies will be reordered beginning with the highest-liked reply.
View Reply Options
Each announcement reply has its own options icon.
In original announcement replies, you can return to the main announcement topic by clicking the Go to Topic link. 
If you are viewing a reply within a reply, return to the original reply by clicking the Go to Parent link.
To edit or delete the reply, click the Edit or Delete links.
Reply to Announcement
To reply to an announcement, reply to the announcement by clicking the Reply button. You can reply to any other reply in the announcement by clicking the Reply button.