How do I assign a student leader to a group as an instructor
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Group Set
You can add a group leader as part of a group set. 
To create a new group set, click the Add Group Set button.
Note: You can also edit existing group sets.
Create Group Set
You can automatically assign group leaders when creating a new group set when: 
Allowing Self Sign-up groups
Automatically creating groups for student distribution 
Note: If you want to create groups manually, you also have to set a student leader manually.
Automatically Assign Leader
In the Leadership section, click the Automatically assign a student group leader checkbox. Then select the radio button for your assignment preference:
Set first student to join as group leader. This option tells Canvas to assign the first student who joins the group as the group leader.
Set a random student as group leader. This option tells Canvas to choose a student randomly.
Note: If you choose to have Canvas split your students into an equal number of groups automatically, you can select either radio button for the leadership option. If you select the first radio button, the first student who joins each group as part of the automatic group distribution process will be the group leader.
Assign in Individual Group
To add a leader in an individual group, click the name of a group set.
Manually Assign Leader
Expand the group where you want to add a group leader. Locate the student name and click the user Options icon. Select the Set as Leader link.
View Student Leader
View the student name next to the name of the group, which indicates the student is the leader for that group. 
When viewing the list of group members, you can also quickly identify the group leader as the student name will display a People icon.
Remove Student Leader
You can manually remove a group leader at any time. To remove a student group leader, expand the group to view all students. Locate the student group leader and click the user Options menu. Then select the Remove as Leader link. 