How do I use Admin Analytics as an admin
In the beta environment only, Admin Analytics and Course Analytics data is pulled from Canvas Data 2 (CD2)/Data Access Platform (DAP). All data will be migrated to CD2/DAP on August 1, 2024. You can migrate your data to CD2/DAP before August 1, 2024 by contacting your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Admin Analytics
In Account Navigation, click the Admin Analytics link.
View Admin Analytics
In Admin Analytics, you can filter data, view data by dashboard, and view an individual dashboard's data.
Notes: 
By default, the Overview Dashboard displays are filtered by the active term.
n the Admin Analytics navigation, the Intelligent Insights menu only displays for users who have opted into Intelligent Insights. 
Apply Filters
You can filter data using the following menus: 
Sub-Accounts
Term 
Course
Teacher
Course Status
Date Granularity
Course Start Date
Course Activity Criteria
Student Activity Criteria
To apply the selected filters, click the Apply Filters button.
To search within a filter menu, enter a search term in the search field. A maximum of 500 search results are returned.
To select all of the results, click the Select All link.
View Dashboards
In Admin Analytics, you can view data via the Overview, Course, and Student Dashboards.
The Overview Dashboard displays account courses by status, student and teacher engagement data, various data over a given time, and average course grades.
The Course Dashboard displays course grade and engagement statistics, feature use data, courses with low average grades, and courses with low student activity.
The Student Dashboard displays student grade and engagement statistics, grade averages, submissions by status, and student details.
Learn more about viewing and managing statistic and chart data.
Refresh Cache and Download Analytics
To refresh your dashboard's cache, click the Options icon, then click the Clear cache and refresh link.
To download a summary of the dashboard you are viewing to your computer, click the Download link.