How do I configure an external app for an account using a URL as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations 
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add New App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to By URL.
Add App Details
Enter the name of the app in the Name field. Enter the consumer key in the Consumer Key field and the shared secret in the Shared Secret field. This key and shared secret will be provided by the vendor or (if using the Edu App Center) provided by the website. 
Note: There are some apps that do not require a consumer key or shared secret, so pay attention to the configuration directions.
Add Configuration URL
In the Configuration URL field, enter the URL for the app. Apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS). 
Submit App
Click the Submit button.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
Note: Verifications only take place in the same context for an existing external app (such as installing the same app multiple times in the root account).
View App
View the external app.
To manage the app, click the Settings icon. To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage app placements, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
To add an external app to the Rich Content Editor toolbar, click the Add to RCE toolbar toggle. This option is only available for external tools that support placement in the Rich Content Editor.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.