How do I upload a file as an assignment submission for a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
Click the Upload option.
If your instructor only allows File submissions, the Upload File tool displays in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Upload submission type does not display, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Upload Computer File
To upload a file from your computer, drag and drop a file, or browse your computer files by clicking the Choose a file to upload link.
Select File
Select your file and click the Open button.
Upload Canvas User File
To upload a file from your Canvas user files, click the Canvas Files button.
Select Canvas User File
Use the Files page to select your file and click the Upload button.
Submit Assignment
Your file displays as a draft submission.
To delete the file, click the Delete icon.
To submit the file, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.