How do I manage feature options for a course as an instructor
Open Course Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Feature Options Tab
Click the Feature Options tab.
View Feature Options
In the Feature Options tab, a list of available feature options displays. Features are only available if they are enabled for your institutions account by an admin.
Each course feature includes a feature description. Click the arrow icon next to the feature to expand the feature box and display the description.
Filter Feature Options
To filter by all features, enabled features or disabled features, click the Filter drop-down menu.
Search Feature Options
To search for a feature option, type a keyword in the Search field. 
View Feature Tags
Feature tags help identify the state of each feature. A feature with no label means the feature is stable and ready for use in your production environment. 
Features may also include a Feature Preview tag, which means the feature is in active development. You can opt-in to the feature and join the Community user group to help improve the feature through direct feedback. Access to the user group is noted in the description of the feature option.
View Feature States
Each feature displays a feature state as set by your admin.
Enabled features display an Enabled icon.
Disabled features display a Disabled icon. 
Notes: 
Features states that have been locked by an admin will not display in the course Feature Options list. 
Course features are activated on a course-by-course basis.
Manage Feature States
To enable or disable an unlocked feature, click the feature's State icon.
To enable the feature, click the Enabled option.
To disable the feature, click the Disabled option.
Notes:
Features states that have been locked by an admin will not display in the course Feature Options list.
Depending on feature functionality, when you enable a feature to On, Canvas may display a warning message asking to confirm your option, as some course features may have unintended consequences if turned Off.