How do I submit a Google Drive file or URL as an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
You can add a Google Drive or Google Doc URL submission using the Web URL button. 
Alternatively, if the Google Apps LTI has been added to your course, you can upload a Google Drive or Google Doc file using the More button. 
Submit Google Drive URL
To add a Google Drive or Google Docs URL as your assignment submission, click the Web URL option in the Choose a submission type section. 
Create a shareable URL for your Google Drive or Google Docs file.
Then, in Canvas, add the shareable website URL to the Enter Web URL field. 
Once added, your website URL will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
To preview your URL in a new browser tab, click the View icon. 
Note: If a shareable link is not created, your instructor will not have permission to view your file. 
Submit Google Drive File
To upload a Google Drive or Google Docs file as your assignment submission, click the More option in the Choose a submission type section.
Then click the Google Apps option. 
Note: If the Google Apps option does not display, your instructor has not installed the app in your course. 
Select File
Select the appropriate Google Drive or Google Doc file. 
To save your upload as a draft, click the Select button. 
Submit Assignment
To submit your your Google Drive file or URL as your assignment submission, click the Submit Assignment button. 
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button. 
Note: If you submit a website URL without creating a shareable link, your instructor will not have permission to view your file. Once a shareable link is created, your instructor will have access to the submitted URL. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.