How do I record media using the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor. Several features in Canvas support the Rich Content Editor, including Announcements, Assignments, Discussions, Pages, and Quizzes.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Record Media from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. From the dropdown menu, select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Record Media from Menubar
Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Media options, and select the Record/Upload Media option. 
Open Media Recording Tool
Click the Record tab.
Select Mic and Webcam Options
The media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone and web cam. 
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select from the displayed options. 
To change your webcam settings, click the Webcam button. To disable video recording, select the No Video option. 
Record Media
Click the Start Recording button. 
Finish Media Recording
The media recorder displays the length of your current recording. 
To restart your recording, click the Start Over button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button. 
Preview Recorded Media
Preview your recorded media in the media recorder. 
To title your media, type in the Title field. 
To embed your media in the Rich Content Editor, click the Save button. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.