How do I use the Course Activity Stream as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open Course Activity
In the Home Page sidebar, click the View Course Stream button.
Note: If your Course Home Page is already set to view the course stream, the View Course Stream link does not appear in the course sidebar.
View Course Activity
The Course Activity Stream contains recent notifications in the course, including announcements, discussions, assignments, and conversations. This activity stream helps you see all recent activity in your course and easily ask questions and post to discussion forums. Unlike course cards on the Dashboard, the activity stream does not mimic visibility of Course Navigation links.
You can manage recent activity in a course the same way you can on the Dashboard. Activities are indicated by activity type and display an icon for the activity. New activity in your account is indicated by a blue dot. Discussions and Announcements indicate new activity items published in a course, and Conversations indicate a new message received from a user in a course. Recent Activity items remain for four weeks. 
Note: To receive notifications for Discussions, you must actively post in the discussions at least once every two weeks. If you stop participating in a discussion after two weeks, Canvas will no longer display discussion notifications. 
Expand and Collapse Notifications
You can view the details of each activity by hovering in the notification area and clicking the Show More link. To collapse recent activity, click the Show Less link.
Manage Recent Activity
You can directly access your recent activities by clicking the activity link. To remove a notification, click the remove icon.
View Student View
To view the course activity stream as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.