How do I create an Ordering question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Ordering Question
Click the Add Ordering button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Labels
By default, Ordering questions will include a top label and a bottom label. To name the labels, type the names in the Label fields. To remove labels from the question, click the Include Labels checkbox.
Add Answers
To add answers to the Ordering question, type the answers in the Answer fields. To add additional answers, click the Add Answer link.
To delete an answer, click the Delete icon.
Move Answers
You can move an answer in an Ordering question by dragging and dropping or using the Move icon.
To drag and drop an answer, hover over the answer until the Move cursor appears. Then drag and drop the answer to its new location.
To move an answer using the Move icon, click the Move icon and select the Move Up or Move Down option.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.