How do I create a Categorization question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Categorization Question
Click the Add Categorization button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add a question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Categories
To name a category, type the name in a Category field. Each category must have a unique name. To add a new category, click the Add Category link.
To delete a category, click the Delete icon.
Add Answers
To add an answer for a category, type the answer name in an Answer field below the category where it belongs. To add a new answer, click the Add Answer link.
To delete an answer, click the Delete icon.
Add Distractors
You can also add distractors to a question. Distractors will appear with the answer choice but do not belong to any of the categories. To add a distractor, click the Add Distractor link and type the distractor name in the Additional Distractor field.
Set Options
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can enable a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.