How do I use the icons and colors in the Grades page as a student
Submission Type Icons
The following icons represent different assignment submission types on your Grades page:
Document Icon: File upload submitted, not graded
Text Icon: Text entry submitted, not graded
New Quiz Icon: New Quiz submitted, not fully graded (contains questions that must be manually graded, or an auto-submitted quiz score has been deleted and needs to be reassigned); can also display if a quiz has been edited and includes major changes that affect the quiz score, such as deleting questions or deleting quiz answers, and requires a grader to manually resolve
Discussion Icon: Graded discussion submitted, but not graded
Link Icon: A URL has been submitted, not graded
Visibility Icon: Score is hidden while instructor is grading; you will not be able to view your grade, submission comments, or quiz responses until your instructor posts grades for the assignment
Quiz icon: Quiz submitted, not fully graded (contains questions that must be manually graded, or an auto-submitted quiz score has been deleted and needs to be reassigned); can also display if a quiz has been edited and includes major changes that affect the quiz score, such as deleting questions or deleting quiz answers, and requires a grader to manually resolve
Media Icon: Media recording submitted, not graded
Note: Some external tool assignments may display a dash instead of a submission icon after you submit the assignment.
Submission Details Icons
When your instructor grades your assignment, the grades page displays a blue dot next to the assignment. The indicator disappears when you navigate away or refresh the page.
Assignment updates may also include additional icons representing submission details:
Check Plus Icon: Scoring details 
Rubric Icon: Rubric details
Discussion Icon: Assignment comments
Grading Types
Each grading type shows up differently on the Grades page. Here you can see how each grading type is represented:
GPA: GPA scale
Letter: Letter grade
Percentage: Grade shown as a percentage
Dash: No submission
Check Icon: Complete grade
Grade Info Icon: Points earned from this assignment do not count toward your final grade
Number: Grade shown by number of points
EX: Excused assignment; this assignment cannot be submitted but does not factor into your overall grade
X Icon: Incomplete grade
Note: A dash may still display in the Grades page after you submit an assignment for an external tool assignment.
Colors
When an assignment's details display in gray text, this assignment has been dropped as part of an assignment group calculation and does not factor into your total score.
Status
The status column displays labels for assignments that are late or missing. If an assignment has not been submitted by the due date, it is identified as missing. If an assignment was submitted after the due date, it is identified as late.
Note: Depending on your institution, custom statuses may display.
Originality Report
If your instructor uses an originality tool, you may be able to view an originality report for your submissions. To view the originality report, click the Originality Report icon. The icon color indicates the percentage of text matched by the originality tool. A timer icon indicates the originality tool is still checking your submission.