How do I create a peer review assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Select Submission Type
Click the Submission Type drop-down menu, and select your preferred submission type. 
Note: The External Tool submission type does not support peer review assignments.
Select Online Entry Options
Select the checkboxes for the types of online entries allowed in the assignment.
Add Group Assignment
Peer reviews can be used with group assignments. If you want to create a group assignment, click the This is a Group Assignment checkbox.
Require Peer Reviews
Click the Require Peer Reviews checkbox. By default, peer reviews are assigned manually. 
If you want to assign peer reviews automatically, select the Automatically Assign radio button. 
Note: Peer reviews must be manually assigned for On Paper and No Submission assignment types. 
Automatically Assign Peer Reviews
If you automatically assign peer reviews, the menu displays additional options. In the Reviews Per User field, enter the number of reviews each student will be required to complete. 
In the Assign Reviews field, use the calendar icon to select a date or manually enter the date for student peer reviews to be assigned. If left blank, Canvas will use the assignment due date.
Assign Group Assignment Intra-Group Peer Reviews
In group assignments, you also have the option to allow intra-group peer reviews. 
Peer reviews require a student to review an individual submission by another student. However, group assignment submissions are made by one group member on behalf of the entire group, and all group members have the same submission.
By default, the Allow intra-group peer reviews checkbox is not selected, which means Canvas will filter out members of the same group when automatically assigning the reviews.
To allow Canvas to assign a peer review to a student from within the student's own group, select the Allow intra-group peer review checkbox.
Assign Anonymous Peer Reviews
If you want to make peer reviews anonymous, check the Peer Reviews Appear Anonymously checkbox.
Note: Canvas DocViewer does not support anonymous comments, so it cannot be used for annotated feedback on assignments with anonymous peer reviews.
Save and Publish Assignment
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
When your assignment is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button. 
View Published Assignment
View published assignment. 
You can also attach a rubric to the assignment for students to fill out when completing peer reviews. To add a rubric to the assignment, click the Add Rubric button.