How do I annotate a file as an assignment submission in Canvas as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Start Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button.
Open Student Annotation
Click the Student Annotation tab.
Annotate Assignment
To annotate your assignment submission, use the annotation tools in the DocViewer menu. Learn more about how to use DocViewer.
To download the file, click the Download icon.
To zoom in or out, click the Zoom in or Zoom out icons.
To view the document in full screen, click the Fullscreen icon.
To select and move annotations, click the Selection icon.
To add a point annotation, click the Point Annotation icon.
To add a highlight annotation, click the Highlight Annotation icon.
To add a text annotation, click the Freetext Annotation icon.
To add a strikeout annotation, click the Strikeout Annotation icon.
To add a drawing annotation, click the Free Draw Annotation icon.
To add an area annotation, click the Area Annotation icon.
Submit Assignment
To submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submission
The Sidebar displays information about your submission.
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions.
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page.
Notes:
After submitting an assignment, the assignment still displays in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions.
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions.