How do I use the Training Services Portal as an instructor
Open Help Menu
In the Canvas Global Navigation menu, click the Help link.
Note: Depending on your institution, the Help link name and icon may vary.
Open Training Services Portal
Click the Training Services Portal link.
Notes:
The Training Services Portal is available to institutions in the United States and select Canadian institutions that have chosen to participate..
If you cannot access the Training Services Portal, your Canvas admin may have hidden the Help Menu link.
Authorize Account
To use the Training Services Portal, you must authorize the Training Portal to access your Canvas account. 
Two modals display when accessing the Training Portal the first time. To authorize use of your account, click the Authorize buttons. In the future, only the Canvas Training Portal Authorization modal will display. 
Note: If you are not authenticated in your Canvas Instance, you will be prompted to enter your Canvas URL before accessing the Training Portal.
View Courses & Webinars
By default, the Courses & Webinars page displays.Available training material displays based on your institution's subscription training package. Depending on your institution's subscription training package, you may see On Demand offerings. On Demand offerings are asynchronous learning pathways or courses comprising written content and videos. If purchased by your institution, you may also view Product Training courses, which include detailed training on a specific product.Offerings may be filtered using the section tabs. The All tab displays all courses and webinars. The K12 tab displays offerings specific to K12 institutions. The Higher Education tab displays offerings specific to higher education institutions. The Products tab displays offerings for Instructure products. The Partner Integrations tab displays partner offerings that are non-Instructure education solutions that integrate with Canvas.To locate a specific offering, enter a keyword in the Search field and click the Search button.To filter offerings by type, duration, or tag, click the Filter button.Each content section has categories that separate the offerings into themes.To view course or webinar details, click the course or webinar title.To view more information about the offering, click the Details icon.To enroll in a course, click the Enroll Now link.Note: To enroll in a pathway, click the Pathways tab, locate the pathway, and click the Enroll In Pathwaylink.
Enroll in Offering
Click the Enroll button.
Open Course
Courses you have enrolled in display in the In Progress section. 
To open a course in which you are enrolled, click the Continue link. The course opens in a new tab.
Unenroll in Offering
To unenroll from an offering, click the Details icon and then click the Unenroll button.
To confirm your unenrollment, click the Unenroll button.
View Live Training Calendar
To view the training calendar, click the Live Training Calendar tab. The Training Calendar displays pre-scheduled live webinars delivered by Canvas trainers. 
To view information about a live training, click the session title. To view live training details, click the Details option. To register for the training, click the Enroll Now option. After registering, you will receive a Canvas Inbox message with the session invite and details. You can invite other Premium subscription members to join the training by sharing the link included in the message. You can also access the session from the Training Calendar 15 minutes prior to the start of the webinar.
Note: Live trainings are only available to Premium subscription clients.
View History & Transcripts
To view your training history and transcriptions, click the History & Transcriptions tab. 
You can view past enrolled offerings, the offering type, and completion status.
To generate a transcript, click the Generate Transcript button.