How do I create a File Upload quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the File Upload question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit File Upload Question Details
To complete the question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use theRich Content Editorto include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Text to provide general feedback
Enter Feedback Text
You can also create general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole. Type in the answer comment field. Click the Done button when you are finished.
Note: Any general answer comments are visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View of File Upload Question
This is what a student sees when they encounter a File Upload question in a quiz.
Student Confirmation of File Upload
Student will receive a confirmation that their file has been uploaded. They can also remove their file and submit a new one.
Student View of File Upload Submission
After submitting the quiz, students will see their file submission.
No credit will be assigned until the instructor has evaluated the file upload submission and assigned points in the Gradebook or the SpeedGrader.
Notice the answer comment reminds students that their quiz grade will be incomplete until the instructor has manually graded the file upload question.
Download Student Submissions
To download your students' submitted files for grading, you can click the Download All Files link within the Quiz options, or you can open SpeedGrader and open a link to the file directly within the quiz.
Note: The Download All Files link only displays if at least one file upload question in the quiz is outside of a question group.