How do I create a Multiple Choice question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Multiple Choice Question
Click the Add Multiple Choice button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add a question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Answers
To add answers to a Multiple Choice question, type the answers in the Answer fields. To select the correct answer, click the button next to that answer. 
To add an additional answer choice, click the Add Answer link. To delete an answer, click the Delete icon.
Add Answer Feedback
To provide students with feedback for a specific answer choice, click the Feedback icon. Then enter the feedback in the Rich Content Editor.
To save your feedback, click the Done button. After feedback has been added to an answer, the Feedback icon will display as shaded.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Vary Points by Answer
To vary points based on student responses, click the Vary points by answer checkbox.
With this option selected, you can set specific point totals for each option by typing the point value in the Points field or using the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
When this option is enabled, the total points will display the highest point value possible for an answer.
Shuffle Answers
To shuffle answer choices, click the Shuffle Choices checkbox. By default, all answer choices are shuffled and display as unlocked. To lock an answer in its location, click the Lock icon. To unlock a locked question, click the Unlock icon.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.