How do I upload and embed an image in the Rich Content Editor as a student
00:07: How do I upload an embedded image in the rich content editor as a student?
00:12: Open the rich content editor when using one of the canvas features, which support the editor.
00:18: You can upload and embed an image by dragging and dropping from a web browser or
00:22: a file saved to your computer. If you drag and drop an image
00:26: from a web browser The Source URL for the image populates in the file
00:30: URL field in the image options.
00:34: You can upload and embed an image by copying and pasting it.
00:38: To copy an image to your clipboard right? Click the image and select copy.
00:43: You can paste it by right clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting paste or
00:47: using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl + V on a PC or command + V
00:51: on a Mac.
00:53: To upload an image from the toolbar click the image icon.
00:57: From the drop-down menu select the upload image option.
01:01: Alternatively, you can embed images from the menu bar.
01:04: Click the insert link navigate to view the image options, then
01:08: select the upload image option.
01:12: By default the image upload tool displays the computer tab click
01:16: or drag and drop an image file to the image uploader to upload a file from your
01:20: computer.
01:22: After uploading your file the uploader displays the image file name and
01:26: an image preview. To remove the image.
01:28: Click the delete icon.
01:31: To upload an image using a URL click the URL tab Enter
01:36: the URL in the file URL field
01:40: To add alt text to your image type an alternative text description or
01:44: text tags in the alt text field.
01:47: By default the alt text field displays the image file name.
01:51: Alt text is read by screen readers and it displays when an embedded image
01:55: cannot display. If the image is decorative and does not require, alt
01:59: text click the decorative image check box.
02:03: By default the embed image display option is selected for embedded
02:07: images. To display the image file link select the display
02:11: text link display option 4 the file link will
02:15: replace the image in the rich content editor.
02:19: To embed your selected image. Click the submit button.
02:23: View your uploaded image in the rich content editor.
02:25: You can also add alt text tags and manage the image display options.
02:31: To manage image options from an embedded image file.
02:33: Click the image then click the image options link.
02:37: You can manage display options for embedded images in the image options menu.
02:42: You can manage the image, alt text the image size and other display
02:46: options. To replace or update an image added via URL
02:51: enter an updated image URL in the file URL field.
02:55: Click the done button.
02:58: View the content created in the rich content editor.
03:02: This guide covered how to upload an embed an image in the rich content editor as
03:06: a student.
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Upload Image by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed an image by dragging and dropping from a web browser or a file saved to your computer. If you drag and drop an image from a web browser, the source URL for the image populates in the File URL field in the Image Options.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple images by dragging and dropping the files from a web browser or saved to your computer.
Upload Image by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed an image by copying and pasting it. To copy an image to your clipboard, right-click the image and select Copy. You can paste it by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Upload Images from Toolbar
To upload an image from the toolbar, click the Image icon. From the drop-down menu, select the Upload Image option.
Note: To view the Image icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Upload Images from Menubar
Alternatively, you can embed images from the menubar. Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Image options, then select the Upload Image option. 
Upload Image from Computer
By default, the Image Upload Tool displays the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop an image file to the image uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Note: Images uploaded from your computer using the image upload tool within a group are added to your group files. 
Select File
Select the image file and click the Open button.
Learn about supported image file types.
View Selected File
The uploader displays the image file name and an image preview. To remove the image, click the Delete icon. 
Upload Image from URL
To upload an image using a URL, click the URL tab. 
Enter the URL in the File URL field. 
Manage Usage Rights
If required in your course, you may need to select usage right settings for your image.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of the five usage right options:
I hold the copyright: original content created by you
I have obtained permission to use this file: authorized permission by the author
The material is in the public domain: explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws: excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education
The material is licensed under Creative Commons: this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Manage Image Attributes
To add Alt Text to your image, type an alternative text description or text tags in the Alt Textfield. By default, the Alt Text field displays the image file name. Alt text is read by screen readers, and it displays when an embedded image cannot display.
If the image is decorative and does not require alt text, click the Decorative Imagecheckbox.
By default, the Embed Image display option is selected for embedded images.
To display the image file link, select the Display Text Link display option. The file link will replace the image in the Rich Content Editor.
Embed Image Upload
To embed your selected image, click the Submit button.
Note: The image will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Image
View your uploaded image in the Rich Content Editor. You can also add alt text tags and manage the image display options.
Update Image Options
To manage image options from an embedded image file, click the image, then click the Image Options link. 
You can manage display options for embedded images in the Image Options menu. You can manage the image Alt Text, the image size, and other display options.
To replace or update an image added via URL, enter an updated image URL in the File URL field. 
Click the Done button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply or Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.