How do I record media using the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Media Upload Tool from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. Then select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Open Media Upload Tool from Menubar
You can also upload media using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload media using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Media option, and select the Upload/Record Media option.
Open Media Recording Tool
Click the Record tab.
Select Mic and Webcam Options
The media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone and web cam. 
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select from the displayed options. 
To change your webcam settings, click the Webcam button. To disable video recording, select the No Video option. 
Record Media
Click the Start Recording button. 
Finish Media Recording
The media recorder displays the length of your current recording. 
To restart your recording, click the Start Over button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button. 
Preview Recorded Media
Preview your recorded media in the media recorder. 
To title your media, type in the Title field. 
To embed your media in the Rich Content Editor, click the Save button. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.