How do I use my webcam to take a photo for an assignment submission using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Select Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
To use your webcam to upload a photo of your assignment, click the Upload button. Then click the Webcam button.
If your instructor only allows File Upload submissions, the File Upload options may display in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Upload option does not display in the Choose a submission type section, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
If your assignment does not allow image file types, such as PNG and JPEG files, the Webcam option does not display. 
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Enable Webcam
If your browser prompts you for access to your computer's camera, click the Allow button.
Take Photo
To take a photo using your computer's webcam, click the Take Photo icon. A timer will count down from three seconds and take the picture. 
View Photo
Once taken, your photo is previewed in the Take a Photo via Webcam page. 
To edit the photo name, enter your edits in the Photo Name field.
To save your photo, click the Save button.
To remove your photo and take a new photo, click the Start Over button. 
Submit Assignment
Your file displays as a draft submission.
To delete the file, click the Delete icon.
To submit the file, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.