How do I upload and embed a media file from my computer in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Media Upload Tool from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. Then select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Open Media Upload Tool from Menubar
You can also upload media using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload media using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Media option, and select the Upload/Record Media option.
Upload Media by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed media by dragging and dropping a media file saved to your computer.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple media files by dragging and dropping the files saved to your computer.
Upload Media by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed a media file by copying and pasting a file saved to your computer. To copy a file to your clipboard, right-click the file and select Copy or click the file and use the keyboard shortcut CTRL+C on a PC or Command+C on a Mac. You can paste the file by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Upload Media from Computer
By default, the Media Upload Tool displays the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop a media file to media uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Select File
Select the media file and click the Open button.
View Selected File
The uploader displays a file preview. 
The uploader also displays the media file name. To change the file name, type a new file name in the media file name field. The name of the file also acts as the alt text for the media file.
To remove the file, click the Delete icon.
Add Captions or Subtitles
To add captions or subtitles to your video, select the Add CC/Subtitles checkbox.
Select a language from the Select Language drop-down menu, then click the Choose caption file button to find and upload your caption file. Supported caption file types include SRT and WebVTT.
Embed Media File Upload
To embed your selected media file, click the Submit button.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.