How do I view average course grade analytics in a data table in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
Click the Course Grade tab.
View Data Table
Click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. 
View Data Status
If the course has been concluded, the analytics page includes a Concluded label.
View Filter
The analytics page is dynamic based on filtered content. By default, all results display the course average, which cannot be removed.
You can also view the average grade percentage for all students, which is not affected by any filter.
Filter by Assignment
By default, analytics selects all assignment types to display within the page.
To filter by assignment type, remove the checkbox next to the assignment type. The chart dynamically updates the results based on the assignment type selected or removed in the filter.
Note: At least one assignment type is required at all times.
Compare Course Data
For analytical comparisons, you can compare table data by filtering a section, student, or assignment.
View Student Table
In the Students tab, you can also view the specific students that are part of each filter.
For each student, the table displays the following data:
Students: the list of students in the course sorted by last name. Click a student's name to view analytics for the student
Grade: current course grade
On Time: the percent of assignments submitted on or before a due date
Last Participation: the date the student last interacted with the course
Last Page View: the date the student last accessed the course
Page Views: the total page views for the student
Participations: the total participations for the student
View Additional Students
By default, the students table displays 20 students at a time. You can view additional pages in the pagination bar.
Sort Student Data
By default, the table sorts by last name, first name. However, you can sort any column in ascending or descending order by clicking the heading name. The sorted column is indicated by the sort arrow.
Message Students Who
To send a message to students whose grades or submissions are within specific criteria, click the Message button.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
CSV files display a student's full name, sortable name, Canvas user ID, SIS user ID or email (if applicable), overall course grade, the percent that assignments have been on time, the last page view time, the last participation time, and the last time the student logged out.