How do I use the outcomes page in an account in Improved Outcomes Management as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
View Outcomes
On the Outcomes page, you can view and manage outcomes and outcomes groups, mastery scale settings, and calculation method settings.
To import an outcome, click the Import button.
To create a new outcome, click the Create button.
To find an outcome, including State and Common Core Standards, click the Find button.
View Outcome Group Options
To view options for managing outcomes groups, select an outcome group from the Outcome Groups sidebar.
In the Outcomes area, click the Options icon for the outcome group.
To edit the outcome group, click the Edit option.
To remove the outcome group and all outcomes within the group, click the Remove option.
To move the outcome group to another group, click the Move option.
To add outcomes, click the Add Outcomes option.
To import outcomes to the outcome group, click the Import Outcomes option.
To view the outcome group's description, click the View Description option.
View Outcome Options
To view options for managing an individual outcome, click the Options icon for the outcome.
To edit the outcome, click the Edit option.
To view the assignments aligned to the outcome, click the Alignments link.
To move the outcome to another outcome group, click the Move option.
To remove the outcome, click the Remove option. If the outcome is already associated with assignments in your account, you will not be able to remove the outcome.
View Mastery Settings
To view the default mastery scale for all courses within your account, click the Mastery tab.
To set the mastery level in the scale, select the desired level in the Mastery column.
To add or modify the mastery level description, enter a description in the Description field.
To modify the point value associated with the mastery level, enter a point value in the Points field.
To change the color associated with the mastery level, click the Change link or color selector in the Color column.
To remove a mastery level from the scale, click the Remove icon for the level you want to remove.
To add a mastery level to the scale, click the Add Mastery Level button.
To save your changes to the mastery scale, click the Save Mastery Scale button.
View Calculation Settings
To view the default mastery calculation method for your account, click the Calculation tab.
To change the default mastery calculation method, select a method from the Mastery Calculation drop-down menu.
Some calculation methods may require additional settings.
To save the mastery calculation settings, click the Save Mastery Calculation button.