How do I use Discussions Redesign as an observer
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
To view the details of a discussion in the Discussions Redesign interface, click the name of the discussion.
View Discussion
A discussion displayed in the Discussions Redesign interface includes three sections: the discussion toolbar, discussion topic, and discussion replies.
View Discussion Toolbar
The discussion toolbar allows you to search the discussion and filter and sort replies. 
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the All drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies.
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the Inline button.
View Discussion Topic
The discussion topic section includes important information about the discussion, including the discussion title and description.
You can also view the name of the author, user role labels for TAs and Teacher (Instructor) roles, the date and time the discussion was published, due date, an indicator for a graded discussion, the number of points possible, and number of replies.
To subscribe to the discussion, click the Subscribe icon.
Note: If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. Posts created by the instructor display the instructor's name and profile picture.
View Discussion Options
To view the Options menu for a discussion, click the Options icon.
To mark all replies as read, click the Mark All as Read link. To view the discussion rubric, click the Show Rubric link.
Note: If the Show Rubric link does not display in the Options menu, a rubric has not been added to the discussion by your instructor.
View Discussion Replies
Discussion replies display below the discussion topic. 