How do I create a global announcement in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Settings
In Account Settings, click the Settings link.
Note: To make an announcement in a sub-account, click the Sub-Accounts link, select a sub-account, then click the sub-account's Settings link.
Open Announcements Tab
Click the Announcements tab. 
Add New Announcement
Click the Add New Announcement button.
Add Announcement Details
In the Title field, type the title of the announcement. 
In the Announcement type field, set the Announcement type (warning, error, information, question, or calendar). 
In the Message field, create the announcement using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
In the Show to section, select the roles of users who should see the announcement. You can select both course and account roles. Selecting a role will send a notification to every user who has that role in any course. If no roles are selected, the announcement will display for everyone with a course in the originating account or sub-account.
Note: If your institution is associated with a trust account, you can choose to only show the announcement to users within the current domain.
Choose Start and End Dates
Choose the start and end dates for the announcement by typing in the fields or selecting the Calendar icons (required).
Send Announcement Notification
To send a notification directly to users when the announcement starts, click the Send notification directly to users when announcement starts checkbox. Users who have enabled the Global Announcement notification preference will receive a notification when the announcement starts.
Publish Announcement
Click the Publish Announcement button.
View Global Announcement
View the global announcement. The announcement includes the name of your account or sub-account.
Manage Announcement
To copy a global announcement, click the Duplicate icon. Edit the announcement details. Then publish the announcement.
To edit a global announcement, click the Edit icon. Edit the announcement details. Then save the changes.
To delete a global announcement, click the Delete icon. Then confirm that you want to delete the announcement.