How do I import outcomes for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Outcomes
In Account Navigation, click the Outcomes link.
Import Outcomes
Click the Import button.
Upload File
Drag and drop your CSV file to the upload area, or click in the upload area to choose a file from your computer.
Open File
Locate the CSV file and then click the Open button.
View Import Status
Canvas displays a loading page while the file uploads. Large CSV files may take time to import. You can leave the Outcomes page at any time without disrupting the import process. 
View Import Success
When the file has been successfully imported, Canvas displays a confirmation message. You will also receive an email that the import was successful.
View Import Errors and Warnings
If the import was not successful, or if the import altered existing outcomes, Canvas displays an error message.
The error message displays for outcome import errors and for outcome import warnings. 
You will receive an email with details about the first 100 errors and warnings. Each error or warning will include the CSV row number and a description of the error or warning. 
Import errors stop the import process entirely and need to be fixed before outcomes can be imported successfully. The following types of errors may occur in CSV files:
Required headings are missing
Other headings are placed after the ratings header
Invalid headers are present
Required fields are missing
Import file contains no data
Invalid UTF-8 string
When an import warning occurs, Canvas skips the affected row and the import moves on. The following types of warnings may occur in CSV files:
Rating tiers have missing points
Rating tiers have invalid point values
Rating tiers have points in wrong order
Object type is incorrect
Parent group refers to missing outcomes
Parent groups are invalid
Workflow state is invalid
Calculation validation method not specified
Group receives invalid fields
Outcome edits are not within the same context
Correct the errors in the CSV file according to the Outcomes Import Format Documentation and re-import the file.
View Outcomes
View the outcomes imported into your account.