How do I link to a YouTube video in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Insert Hyperlink from Menubar
In the menubar, click the Insert link. Navigate to view Link options, and select the External Links option. 
Insert Hyperlink from Toolbar
Alternatively, you can use the toolbar icons to add your link. Click the Links icon, then click the External Links option. 
Note: To view the Links icon, you may need to click the Options icon.
Insert Link
Enter the video link in the Link field. Then click the Done button. 
View Video Link
View the video link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Apps option, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open YouTube
If the YouTube LTI tool does not display in your recently used applications, you will need to select it from the list of all applications.
Click the YouTube link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Search Videos
Enter a search term in the Search field. Then press Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) on your keyboard.
To view more information about a search option, click the video name.
Embed Video
To embed the video in the Rich Content Editor, click the Embed button. 
To manage the video embed options, click the Embed drop-down menu. You can select to embed a video hyperlink, or you can select to embed a small, medium, or large version of the video in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Video
View the embedded video in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button to save any changes to the post made in the Rich Content Editor. 
Notes:
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
To view the embedded video, click the Play icon. 
To view the linked video in a new browser tab, click the video link.