How do I create an assignment using the Google Assignments LTI 1
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Name
In the Assignment Name field, enter a name for your assignment.
Add Assignment Details
Enter the number of points for the assignment, select the Assignment Group, and select the grading type from the Display Grade as menu. 
Select Submission Type
In the Submission Type drop-down menu, select the External Tool option.
Notes: 
If you want to use a Canvas rubric for the assignment, you must add the rubric before setting the External Tool submission type. 
Additionally, if you want to apply moderated grading, you must set up moderated grading before setting the External Tool submission type.
Configure External Tool
Locate and click the Google Assignments (LTI 1.3) link.
You may need to authorize your Google account to continue.
Add Google Assignment Details
In the Google Assignment Details, you can check originality by clicking the Check plagiarism (originality) toggle button. You are only allowed to have five assignments with originality checks.
If you have created the Google file already, you can attach it to the assignment by clicking the Attach button.
To create a Google file, click the Create drop-down menu and create the file type.
Select where you would like to grade the assignment: Google Assignments or Canvas SpeedGrader.
Attach File
Locate and select the file you want to link to the assignment. Click the Add button.
Create New File
To create a new file, click the Create drop-down menu and then click the file type.
Create Assignment
To create a new assignment, click the Create button.
Select Tool
To complete adding the Google Assignment link to Canvas, click the Select button.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Assignment
View the assignment.