How do I take a quiz where I can only view one question at a time in New Quizzes as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
To open an quiz, click the title of a quiz.
View Quiz
From the quiz page, you can view the title, introduction, time limit, and due date. You can also view the amount of attempts allowed and previous attempts of the quiz.
Note: If the quiz you are accessing displays differently, your instructor may have used the Classic Quizzes tool to create the quiz. Functionality may differ between these quiz types. For help with viewing one quiz question at a time, please see How do I take a quiz where I can only view one question at a time?
View Backtracking Warning
If your instructor has disabled backtracking in your quiz, a warning message displays in the quiz page. The message states that the quiz is delivered one question at a time and going back to previously answered questions is not allowed.
Enter Access Code
If your quiz includes an access code, enter the code in the Access Code field. To display a masked access code, click the Show access code checkbox. Then click the Submit button.
Begin Quiz
To begin taking a quiz, click the Begin button.
View Next Question
Each question displays one at a time. To advance through the quiz, click the Next button.
View Previous Question
If your instructor did not disable backtracking and allows you to return to prior questions, you can click the Previous button to check your answers or return to questions you left blank.
Open Question Navigator
You can also use the Question Navigator to move between questions in a quiz. To open the Question Navigator, click the Expand icon.
Note: If you cannot view the Question Navigator, your instructor has disabled backtracking in your quiz.
View Question Navigator
To jump to a specific question, click the question in the Question Navigator. To pin a question to review later, click the Pin icon.
Answered questions are highlighted in blue text. Unanswered questions are indicated by white text.
View Pinned Questions
All pinned questions will display in the Pinned Questions section of the Question Navigator. To view a pinned question, click the name of the question.
Open Calculator
To open the on-screen calculator, click the Calculator icon.
Note: If the Calculator icon doesn't display on the question, your instructor has not enabled calculators.
Use Calculator
Your instructor may enable a basic calculator or a scientific calculator. To use the calculator, click the number and function buttons or type numbers and functions using your keyboard.
To clear a calculation, click the Clear button.
View your calculation and results in the results field
Close the calculator by clicking the Close button. Calculations are saved if you close the calculator window.
To move the calculator around the browser window, click and drag the calculator header.
The scientific calculator includes additional buttons for more advanced functionality.
Click the Rad/Deg toggle to switch between Radian and Degree mode.
Submit Quiz
To submit the quiz, click the Submit button. To return to Canvas and resume the quiz at a later time, click the Return button.