How do I edit an event or assignment in the Calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Edit Event
View event details by clicking the event you want to view and clicking the Edit button.
Edit Event Details
Here you can edit the event title, date, specify a time range, frequency and location. You can move the event to a different calendar using the Calendar drop-down menu. 
To add a location address or use the Rich Content Editor to add additional event details or links, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.
Note: Events that include a conferencing link in the description or location field display a Join button on students' List View Dashboard.
Edit To-do Item Details
If you assign student to-do dates to a page or ungraded discussion, the item displays in the course calendar. You can edit the to-do item Title and Date, and specify a time. 
To edit the discussion or page, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.
Edit Assignment
View assignment details by clicking the event you want to view and clicking the Edit button.
Edit Assignment Details
You can edit the assignment title, due date, and assignment group. 
To edit assignment details, click the More Options button. Otherwise, click the Submit button.
Note: If your institution has enabled a student information system (SIS) integration, you can manage the assignment to sync to the SIS by selecting the Sync to SIS checkbox.
Edit Appointment Details
When editing an appointment created in the Scheduler, a different menu displays than assignments or events.
You can edit the description or limit the amount of users for this appointment. To submit your changes, click the Update button.
Drag and Drop Event or Assignment
You can also change the date of an event or assignment in the same calendar by dragging and dropping the event or assignment to a different date on the month view or mini calendar. Click the event or assignment, drag to the new date, and release your mouse.
You can add items from the Undated list to the course calendar by dragging and dropping the item to a desired calendar date. Adding items from the Undated item list to the calendar assigns them a due date and removes the item from the Undated list. The item displays on the student-specific List View dashboard and in the global and course home page to-do lists.
Note: You cannot drag and drop appointments created in the scheduler.
Manage Undated Items
You can drag and drop undated assignments to and from the month view of the calendar or mini calendar. Notice the due date of that assignment will change to 11:59pm on that day. Moving events or assignments to the undated items section will remove the date. 