How do I assign a graded discussion to a course group as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Add Discussion
Click the Add Discussion button.
Enter Discussion Details
Enter a topic title and discussion details. 
Select Graded Discussion
Click the Graded checkbox.
Select Group Discussion
Click the This is a Group Discussion checkbox.
Select Group Set
Click the Group Set drop-down menu to select which groups will be assigned or create a new group category.
Note: Groups created by students cannot be used for Group Discussions and do not appear in the drop-down menu. 
Assign to Everyone
By default, Canvas will set your discussion for everyone in your course. This option means all users in the course regardless of section will be assigned the assignment. All students will still be assigned to a group based on the previously selected group set.
Assign to Group
To create the discussion for a specific group in the group set, click the Everyone remove icon, then start to type in the name of a group. Search fields are dynamic; when the group name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable. 
You can include more than one group in the To field, as long as they are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the discussion is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the discussion will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the discussion will no longer be available.
Note: Beneath the Due Date and Availability date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for a discussion, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add new Due and Availability Dates for other users in your course, click the Add Date button. 
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your discussion, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your discussion and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
Even when you aren't adding sections, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any other sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if everyone in the course or all course sections are assigned.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the assignment, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the assignment before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the graded discussion again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the graded discussion against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the discussion due date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Assignment Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the assignment.
View Dates in Discussions Redesign
To view due dates and availability dates for a discussion in Discussions Redesign, click the Show Due Dates link.
View the dates assigned to the graded discussion.