How do I view all my Canvas courses as a student
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
View Courses
Courses are organized into All Courses, Past Enrollments, Future Enrollments, and Groups.
Courses can be sorted by Favorite status, Name, Nickname, Term, enrollment status, and Published status by selecting the Sort icon in the header. Groups are sorted alphabetically by group name.
If allowed by your institution, you can view the institution's public course index in a catalog format by clicking the Browse More Courses button.
View All Courses
All Courses are courses that are part of the current semester or term. However, depending on access settings for a course, My Courses can also display courses that have not yet started or are unpublished.
Active courses that are available to you are listed in blue text. These courses have been published and include a link to the course. To open a course, click the name of the course. 
Courses that are within the current term dates but are not yet available are listed in black text. These courses have not been published and no link is available.
You can also view any nicknames you have created for courses. 
If a course includes a term date, the term date displays.
Each course includes your role in the course. Your role can be student, teacher, TA, observer, designer, or a custom role created by your institution. 
In the All Courses section, you can customize the courses list and mark courses as favorites. Favorite courses display in the Card View Dashboard. 
You can change the order that courses are listed by clicking the Sort icon in the header. The column currently used for sorting displays either the ascending or descending icon to indicate the sort order.
View Past Enrollments
Courses under the Past Enrollments heading are courses that have concluded but are still available as a read-only archived course. You can view course material and grades but can no longer participate in the course.
Note: Some institutions may not allow past enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Future Enrollments
Future Enrollments are courses that will be made available as part of an upcoming term or specific course start date. Future courses may be published or unpublished. However, some institutions may restrict you from viewing published courses before the start date. 
If a future course includes a link, you can view course content but cannot fully participate in the course until the start date. Participation includes submitting assignments and replying to discussions.
If a future course does not include a link, the course cannot be viewed until the start date. 
Note: Some institutions may not allow future enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Groups
If you are enrolled in groups, the Groups section displays any groups within your current courses. You can view all your groups in your groups list.
To view a group home page, click the group name link.
Find Course ID
You can locate your Course ID number at the end of your course URL (e.g., canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX).