How do I view and manage statistic and chart data in Admin Analytics as an admin
In the beta environment only, Admin Analytics and Course Analytics data is pulled from Canvas Data 2 (CD2)/Data Access Platform (DAP). All data will be migrated to CD2/DAP on August 1, 2024. You can migrate your data to CD2/DAP before August 1, 2024 by contacting your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
View Admin Analytics
In Admin Analytics, you can view data via the Overview, Course, or Student Dashboards. Statistics and charts vary depending on the dashboard.
View Statistic or Chart Description
To view a statistic's or chart's description, hover over the statistic or chart Information icon. 
Manage Statistic or Chart Options
To manage options for a statistic or chart, hover over the statistic or chart and click the Options icon. 
To download statistic or chart data, click the Download data link. 
To see an expanded or full screen view of the chart, click the View option.
To refresh the statistic's or chart's cache, click the Clear cache & refresh link.
View Additional Chart Data
You can view details for a data point included in a chart by hovering over the data point.
To view additional information on a data point, click the data point. 
Note: Due to the size of data included, it's not possible to view or download data from the Interactions Over Time chart. 
Zoom into Chart Area
To zoom into a specific area of a chart, click and drag your cursor around the area in which you want to view.
To zoom out to the original view, click the Reset Zoom button. 
Manage Additional Chart Data
A modal displays additional data point information. Columns vary depending on the chart and data point selected.
To view selected filters, click the Filters arrow.
To sort data by a column, hover over the column and click the Sort icon.
To manage options for a column, hover over the column and click the column's Options icon.
If a course name is listed in the modal, you can navigate to the course by clicking the course name.
To download data point information, click the Download link. You can download up to 5,000 rows of information.
To close the modal, click the Close icon.
Learn more about dashboard charts and statistics.