How do I use the Announcements Index Page as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
View Index Page
The Announcements Index page is designed with global settings at the top of the page, followed by the individual announcements.
View Global Settings
Global settings allow you to filter the announcement list to view all or only unread announcements.
To search for an announcement by words in its title, enter words, phrases, or partial words in the Search field.
To mark all announcements as being read, click the Mark all as read button. 
To add a new announcement, click the Add Announcement button.
To view external feeds for announcements, click the External Feeds link. You can add an external feed or subscribe to the Announcements RSS feed.
View Announcements
Announcements are listed in reverse chronological order with the newest appearing first and the older Announcements appearing towards the bottom.
Each announcement includes the title of the announcement, the profile picture of the user who posted the announcement, an unread indicator near unread announcements, the announcement post date, the number of unread/total replies in the announcement, and an options icon to manage individual announcement settings.
Notes: 
A profile picture displaying the letter U in place of a user's profile picture indicates that an announcement was imported using a course copy, the Course Import Tool, or a blueprint course. Additionally, copied announcements do not include a posted date and time.
If a user does not have a profile picture, the user's initials display in place of their profile picture.
Manage Announcements
To apply a bulk action, such as locking or deleting, click the checkbox next to the announcements. To close all selected announcements to comments, click the Lock button. To delete all selected announcements, click the Delete button.
Manage Individual Announcements
To view an announcement, click the name of the announcement.
You can also use the options icon to delete the announcement. If your course allows comments, you can also allow or disallow comments. 
View Student View
To view the announcements index page as a student, click the View as Student button.
Note: If the course navigation link for the page is disabled and hidden from students, the View as Student button does not display.