How do I create hyperlinks to course, group, and user files in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of the file (e.g., Reading-Assignment.pdf), click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear.
To insert a link to a file at a certain point in the text, select the text for your hyperlink.
Open Links Menu
To view all links and files available in course and user files, click the Link Options arrow and select the Course Links option.
If you are accessing the Rich Content Editor from within a group, select the Group Links option.
Note: To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Add Sidebar
By default, the Add sidebar displays course links. To view all available course, group, or user files, click the Add drop-down menu and select the Files option.
View Files
To view course files, click the Course Files link. 
To view your user files, click the My Files link. 
If using the Rich Content Editor within a group, you can select a group file by clicking the Group Files link.
Sort Files
To sort the displayed files by image, document, or media file type, click the Alldrop-down menu and select the file type to sort files.
To sort the displayed files by date added or alphabetically, click the Date Addeddrop-down menu.
To search for a file, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Select File
Click the name of the file you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the file or the hyperlinked text.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content. To view the linked file, click the link. 
To download the file, click the Download icon. 
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon.