How do I add a profile picture in my user account as an observer
Open Account Settings
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Settings link.
Open Profile Picture
Click the Profile Picture icon.
Note: If your Canvas account does not display a placeholder profile picture, your institution does not allow you to add or change your profile picture.
Upload Picture
To upload a new profile picture file, click the Picture Options drop-down menu and select the Upload a Picture option. Then click the choose a picture link. You can also drag a picture from your desktop and drop it into the window. 
Choose Profile Picture
Find the image you want to upload and click the Open or Browse button.
Crop or Resize Picture
To crop your image, use the selection handles. To recenter the image, hover the cursor over the image, then click and drag the circle selector to a new location.
When you are finished, click the Save button.
Note: Canvas automatically stores a copy of the saved profile picture in your personal user files. When you save a new picture in your profile, the new picture overrides the existing picture file in your personal files.
Take Picture
To take a picture to use as your profile picture, click the Picture Options drop-down menu and select the Take a Picture option. Then click the Take Picture button. 
Note: Depending on your browser, you may need to allow Canvas to access your camera. The Take a Picture option is not supported when using Safari or Internet Explorer.
Save Picture
To take another picture, click the Retry button. When you are finished, click the Save button. 
Import from Gravatar
If your institution allows Gravatars and you have a Gravatar account, you can import an existing Gravatar to use as your profile picture. 
Click the Profile Options drop-down menu and select the From Gravatar option. Enter your Gravatar email address in the field provided. Click the Preview button to view your Gravatar. When you are finished, click the Save button. 
Note: Before adding a photo in your Gravatar account, you must rate the photo. Please note that you can use only a G-rated Gravatar photo as a Canvas profile picture.
View Profile Picture
View your profile picture in Account Settings.
Delete Profile Picture from Files
Profile pictures are linked to your personal files. To delete a profile picture, click the Account Navigation Files link.
Note: Gravatar images cannot be deleted from your account from your personal files. However, you can replace your Gravatar images with an uploaded or captured image.
Open Profile Pictures
Click the profile pictures folder.
Delete Profile Picture
Locate the file and click the Options icon. Then click the Delete link. 