How do I embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as a student
00:00:How do I embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as a student?
00:05:Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
00:11:Click the Image icon.
00:14:To view images saved in your Canvas user files, select the User Images option.
00:20:Alternatively, you can embed images from the menubar. Click the Insert link.
00:25:Navigate to view the Image options, then select the User Images option.
00:31:By default, when embedding an image in the Rich Content Editor, the Add menu displays image files from your selected source.
00:39:To change the image file source, click the Source drop-down menu.
00:44:To sort image files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
00:51:To search for an image, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
01:00:Click the image file to embed.
01:03:View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor. You can also edit the size of the image and add alt tags for improved accessibility.
01:12:Click the Reply or Save button.
01:15:View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.
01:19:This guide shows how to embed images from Canvas into the Rich Content Editor as a student.
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Embed Images from Toolbar
Click the Image icon. To view images saved in your Canvas user files, select the User Images option. 
Note: To view the Images icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Embed Images from Menubar
Alternatively, you can embed images from the menubar. Click the Insert link. Navigate to view the Image options, then select the User Images option. 
Select Image File
By default, when embedding an image in the Rich Content Editor, the Add menu displays image files from your selected source. To change the image file source, click the Source drop-down menu. 
To sort image files by date added or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu. To search for an image, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Click the image file to embed.
Note: The image will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Image
View the image embedded in the Rich Content Editor. You can also edit the size of the image and add alt tags for improved accessibility. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.