How do I automatically assign peer reviews for an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Open Peer Reviews
Under Related Items in the sidebar, click the Peer Reviews link.
View Assigned Peer Reviews
Canvas will automatically assign a peer review to the student. Assigned peer reviews appear underneath the student names. A check mark indicates a peer review has been completed. A warning icon indicates a peer review still needs to be completed. 
If the student has not submitted the assignment or submits the assignment after the due date, the student will not automatically be assigned a peer review and you must manually assign one.
Notes: 
It may take up to one hour for Canvas to assign peer reviews.
A student's peer review is considered complete after they comment on the submission. If a rubric has been added to the assignment, they must also fill out that rubric.
Manage Peer Review
You can also remind students who still need to complete their assigned peer review(s). Peer review reminders are sent as notifications.
To send a reminder, hover your mouse over the assigned peer review and click the Reminder icon. To cancel a peer review, click the Delete icon. 
Automatically Assign Reviews
In the sidebar, you can also assign multiple peer reviews to students who have submitted their assignment but don't already have reviews assigned to them. Enter the number of reviews per user then click the Assign Peer Reviews button.
Assign Group Assignment Intra-Group Peer Reviews
In group assignments, you also have the option to allow intra-group peer reviews. 
Peer reviews require a student to review an individual submission by another student. However, group assignment submissions are made by one group member on behalf of the entire group, and all group members have the same submission.
By default, the Allow intra-group peer reviews checkbox is not selected, which means Canvas will exclude members of the same group when assigning peer reviews. However, by selecting the checkbox, reviews can be assigned randomly to all members of the course, including members of the same group. 
To allow Canvas to automatically assign a peer review to any student in any other group, including students from within the student’s own group, select the Allow intra-group peer review checkbox. Selecting the checkbox allows assignments to be truly random and disregard group associations. 