How do I add requirements to a module as an instructor
Open Modules
In Course Navigation, click the Modules link.
Edit Module
Locate the name of the module and click the Options icon. Select the Edit link.
Add Requirement
Click the Add Requirement link.
Set Requirement Type
To require students to complete all requirements listed on the Edit Module Requirements page, click the Students must complete all these requirements option. To require students to complete all requirements in sequential order, click the Students must move through requirements in sequential order checkbox.
To require students to complete any one of the requirements listed on the Edit Module Requirements page, click the Student must complete one of these requirements option.
Note: Each requirement setting only applies to the required items listed. 
Manage Required Items
The requirement setting selected applies to the listed required items.
By default, the first item in the module is listed a required item. 
To select a different module item, click the item dropdown. 
To manage how the item must be completed, click the completion requirement dropdown. 
To add additional required items, click the Add requirement link. 
To remove a required item, click the Remove icon. 
Notes: 
If you have chosen to have students complete all requirements and would like them to complete each item in the module, you must add each module item as a requirement. 
If you have included a content item in the same module multiple times, you can set different requirements for each item
Update Module
Click the Update Module button.
Re-Lock Module
If you change module requirements that students have already fulfilled, Canvas will ask if you want to let students progress through the course or re-lock the modules and require students to complete the requirements again.
To re-lock the modules, click the Re-Lock Modules button. To allow students to continue without any changes, click the Continue button.
View Requirements
View the module requirement type and the required items for the module.