How do I create a quiz with a question group to randomize quiz questions as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Note:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz. 
Complete the rest of the quiz details.
Add New Question Group
Click the Questions tab. Click the New Question Group button.
Create Group Details
Give your question group a name. Quiz question groups are not automatically named for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question group, enter the name in the group text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz question groups more easily.
Regardless of the question group name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Decide how many questions you want Canvas to randomly select from the group and the number of points assigned to each question.
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth. 
Link to a Question Bank
If you want to link a question bank to the question group, click the Link to a Question Bank link. 
Note: If you set a question group to randomly select questions from the question bank, the question bank and questions will not be included in quiz exports. A QTI zip file will download the quiz details, but no questions will be included.
Create Group
Click the Create Group button.
Add Individual Question to Group
To add individual questions to the group, click the Add icon. 
Find Questions from Question Bank
You can also find questions from an existing question bank and add them to the question group. 
Modify Question Group
To change the number of questions to be picked from the group or to change the points assigned, click the Edit icon. To delete the question group, click the Delete icon.
Note: Changes made to question groups do not save until the quiz is saved. 
View Question Group Warning Message
While creating a question group within the quiz, you may see a warning message indicating the question group is set to pick more questions than available. You can add more questions to the question bank you are pulling questions from or add individual questions until the amount of questions is greater or equal to the amount of questions being picked.
Note: This message will remain on the screen until you have saved the quiz. 
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 