How do I set usage rights and user access for a course file folder as an instructor
Open Files
In Course Navigation, click the Files link.
Manage Usage Rights
Click the line item for the folder. Click the Usage Rights icon. Or click the Options icon and select the Manage Usage Rights link. 
Select Usage Right
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of five usage rights. If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to all the files in your folder, please consult your institutional admin for guidance:
I hold the copyright (original content created by you)
I have obtained permission to use the file (authorized permission by the author)
The material is in the public domain (explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright)
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws (excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education)
The material is licensed under Creative Commons; this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Set Folder Availability
You can also set availability to all files in the folder. By default, all files are unpublished. You can also publish the folder or restrict access.
To select availability to the files in the folder, click the radio button next to the access type. 
Note: This action does not apply to any files added to the folder after the usage right is set. If additional files are added at a later time, you will have to reset the usage right for the folder or set file usage rights individually.
Set Folder Visibility
In Course Settings, visibility defaults to course visibility. However, for individual files, the default is whatever the instructor selected in Course Settings. 
Save Folder
Click the Save button.
Open Folder
Click the name of the folder with the usage right.
View Files
View the usage right and status applied to all files in the folder.