How do I submit a media file as an assignment submission as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Submit Assignment
Click the Start Assignment button. 
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Select Media
To open the media upload tool, select the Media tab and click the Record/Upload Media button. 
Record Media
You have the option to record video or record audio to upload to the assignment.
To select a microphone for your recording, click the Mic button. To select a webcam, or, to turn the webcam off for audio-only recordings, click the Webcam button.
Note: If you receive an error that says, "Media comment uploading has not been set up properly," please contact your instructor. 
Upload Media
You can upload an audio file or a upload a video file to your assignment. The process is the same for both.
Select Media File
Select the file you want to upload and click Open to begin uploading the file. 
Monitor File Upload
Monitor the file upload. The uploading process will finish automatically.
Submit Assignment
View your media recording upload in the assignment submission box. You can add text comments to your recording.
To replace the recorded or uploaded media before submitting your assignment, refresh your web browser and record or upload your media again.
To submit your recording, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Submitted Assignment
The Sidebar displays information about your submission. 
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page. 
Notes: 
After submitting an assignment, the assignment will still appear in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions. 
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. 