How do I create a Hot Spot question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Hot Spot Question
Click the Add Hot Spot button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Upload Image
To upload an image for the Hot Spot question, drag and drop the image or select a file by clicking the Browse link.
Draw Hot Spot
You can use one of three shapes to draw the hot spot: square, circle, and polygon.
To delete a hot spot and create a new one, click a shape tool or the image.
Use Square or Circle Tool
To create a square or circle hot spot, click the shape then drag the shape over the hot spot. To complete the shape, click your mouse.
Use Polygon Tool
To create a polygon hot spot, click the polygon shape. Click the image then drag the tool around the image to create each side of the polygon. To end one side of the polygon, click your mouse. To close the hot spot area, double click your mouse at any time.
Expand Image
To expand the image when creating a hot spot, click the Expand icon.
From the expanded view, you can use any shape to create a hot spot. To save the hot spot, click the Done button. To return to the quiz question, click the Close icon.
Set Options
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox.
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.