How do I manage file copyright settings for an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Account Settings
In Account Navigation, click the Settings link.
View File Copyright Settings
Locate the file copyright settings in the Account Settings page.
Require File Copyright
To require copyright and license information for files before they are published, click the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published checkbox.
To lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. If this option is enabled and locked, it will be enabled in all sub-accounts and courses and cannot be changed.
If the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published option is enabled and not locked, it will be enabled in all sub-accounts and courses by default, but can be disabled by sub-account admins or instructors, respectively.
Update Account Settings
To update your account settings, click the Update Settings button.
View File Upload Message
If copyright and license information is required at the course level, users will see an error message indicating that they must set usage rights before they can publish a file.
Usage rights can be selected in the Usage Right drop-down menu and Copyright Holder field.
Note: Usage right settings do not apply to user files.
Remove File Copyright Requirement
To remove the requirement for copyright and license information for files before they are published, deselect the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published checkbox. 
To lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses, click the Lock this setting for sub-accounts and courses checkbox. If this option is locked but not enabled, it will be disabled in all sub-accounts and courses and cannot be managed in sub-accounts or courses.
If the Copyright and license information must be provided for files before they are published option is not enabled and not locked, it will be disabled in all sub-accounts and courses by default, but can be enabled by sub-account admins or instructors, respectively.
Update Account Settings
To update your account settings, click the Update Settings button.