How do I use Analytics Hub to access all my Instructure data from one place as an admin
In the beta environment only, Admin Analytics and Course Analytics data is pulled from Canvas Data 2 (CD2)/Data Access Platform (DAP). All data will be migrated to CD2/DAP on August 1, 2024. You can migrate your data to CD2/DAP before August 1, 2024 by contacting your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Analytics Hub
In Account Navigation, click the Analytics Hub link.
View Analytics Hub
The Analytics Hub displays area cards for accessing available data, analytics, and insights. Depending on your preferences, purchases, and role permissions, you may have access to the following areas of analytics:
AI-Assisted Insights: Use everyday language to query your data and gain deep insights with custom visualizations. Learn more about Ask Your Data.
Usage & Adoption: Measure and monitor the adoption of Canvas and its intetrated LTI tools. Learn more about Usage Overview, Impact Insights, and LTI Usage.
Student Success: Improve student engagement, retention, and success with proactive and actionable insights. Learn more about the Student Overview dashboard and the Students in Need of Attention data.
Course Effectiveness: Understand how courses are built and used to improve the teaching and learning environment. Learn more about the Courses Overview dashboard and the Course Readiness report. 
Standards Proficiency: View aggregated performance data on standards-aligned assessments.
Assessment Results: View student performance on individual assessments. You can view Formative Assessments, Benchmark Assessments, or State & National Assessments. 
Data Access: Access your organization's interactive data for data mining, research, and analysis. Data access includes Canvas Data 2 services, DAP CLI & Client Library, and DAP Query API.
Notes: 
Analytics are based on your purchases, account settings, and your individual user role permissions.
Intelligent Insights is a paid product offering that uses AI and analytics to provide self-service analytics. It gives you access to Ask Your Data, LTI Usage, Course Readiness, and Students in Need of Attention. To learn more, contact your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
View Analytics Hub Offerings
Optional analytics may display the Upgrade Feature label. If your institution has not yet purchased an upgrade feature, you can find out more about the feature by clicking the Learn More link.
To view only analytics you currently have access to, click the Hide Highlighted Opportunities link.
Note: To purchase upgrade features, contact your Customer Success Manager (CSM).
View Area Card
Each area card includes a title, a description, and sub-area links.
OpenAnalytics
To view an area of analytics, click the sub-area link.