How do I compare the course average chart graph with an assignment, section, or student filter in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
Click the Course Grade tab.
Filter Data
Click the Filter field. Type the name of a section, student, or assignment. Canvas will populate all matching results. 
When the item displays in the menu, click the item name.
You can also click the Filter field and use the scroll to locate and select a section, student, or assignment. 
View Additional Filters
To add another filter, locate the additional filter. The Filter field supports up to three filters. The All Sections filter cannot be removed.
Filter by Assignment
By default, analytics selects all assignment types to display within the page. Each assignment in the chart displays the appropriate icon for each selected assignment type. To view additional assignments within the filtered results, click and drag the scrollbar.
Note: The Quiz icon represents both classic quizzes and New Quizzes question types.
To filter by assignment type, remove the checkbox next to the assignment type. The chart dynamically updates the results based on the assignment type selected or removed in the filter.
Note: At least one assignment type is required at all times.
View Filtered Results
The added filter displays in the analytics results. Each filter is identified by a specific color.
Each filter displays as a data point within the table. 
When viewing filters, the default shape for each color is a circle, but you can choose to enable shapes for improved contrast by clicking the Chart Options icon and selecting the Display Shapes option.
View Section Comparison
To view data for a section, click the data point for the section.
In a section comparison, details provide additional metrics for the section name, assignment name, assignment due date, average grade for the assignment, low and high grades by percentage, and number of missing and late submissions. You can hover over a percentage bar and view the number of students who achieved each grade percentage. 
To send a message to all students in the section, click the Message icon.
When comparing sections, you can also view submissions by status: missing and late. To view the names of students within each status, click the link for the status. The card displays the student information for the submission statuses, including the names and last login date for each student.
To message these students specifically, click the Message icon.
To export the submission status list as a CSV file, click the Download link.
View Student Comparison
To view data for a student, click the data point for the student.
In a student comparison, details provide additional metrics for the student's full name, last access date, section, current course grade percentage, assignment name and due date, the student's grade for the assignment, the course average percentage, and the status of the assignment and submission date.
To send a message to the individual student, click the Message icon.
Export Table CSV
To export analytics data as a CSV file, click the Download CSV button.
CSV data is exported according to the filtered data.
CSV files display a student's full name, sortable name, Canvas user ID, SIS user ID or email (if applicable), overall course grade, the percent that assignments have been on time, the last page view time, the last participation time, and the last time the student logged out.