How do I create hyperlinks to external URLs in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Create Hyperlink from Toolbar
To insert a link from the toolbar, click the Link icon and select the External Links option.
Note: To view the Link icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Create Hyperlink from Menubar
You can also insert a hyperlink using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To create a hyperlink using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Link option, and select the External Links option.
Insert Link
Enter the text for your hyperlink in the Text field.
Paste or type the URL for your hyperlink in the Link field. 
Click the Done button.
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab. 
Create Link Using Keyboard Shortcut
Alternatively, you can create external hyperlinks using keyboard shortcuts. After adding content in the Rich Content Editor, select the text for your hyperlink.
Then press Cmd+K (Mac keyboard) or Ctrl+K (PC Keyboard). 
Insert Link
Paste or type the URL for the hyperlink in the Link field, then click the Done button.
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab. 
View Hyperlink
View the hyperlink in the Rich Content Editor. 
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the hyperlink in your content.
Note: When clicked, external hyperlinks automatically open in a new browser tab. 