How do I create a Matching question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Matching Question
Click the Add Matching button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Add Question/Answer Pairs
To add a question and answer pair, type the question in the Question field and its matching answer in the Answer field. To add additional Question/Answer pairs, click the Add Question/Answer Pair link. To delete a Question/Answer pair, click the Delete icon.
To shuffle questions, click the Shuffle Questions checkbox.
Add Additional Distractors
You can also add additional distractors to the question. Distractors will appear in the drop-down menu with the answers added in the Answer fields. To add a distractor, click the Add Distractor button and type the distractor name in the Additional Distractors field.
To delete a distractor, click the Delete icon.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Select Grading Option
You can select a grading option for the question. To award partial credit for the question, click the Partial credit option. The Partial credit option awards points for each correct answer selected.
Partial credit is calculated by dividing the total points possible by the number of correct answers for the question. This amount is awarded for each correct answer selected. No points are awarded for answers that are not selected. Zero is the lowest possible score. For example, if a question is worth 4 points and there are 2 correct answers, Canvas divides 4 by 2 and awards 2 points for correct answers selected.
To award points only for an exact match, click the Exact Match option. The Exact Match option only awards points if all correct answers are selected and no incorrect answers are selected.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item bank.
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.