How do I record a webcam video, screen capture, or audio recording as a feedback comment in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Open Studio Capture
In the Assignment Comments area, click the Video comment icon.
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
View Record Media Tab
By default, the Record Media tab displays. You can use the Record Media tab options to create a webcam video, an audio recording, or a screen capture recording. You can also create a picture-in-picture recording using your webcam while sharing your screen.
Select Camera Options
By default, the media recorder connects to your computer's default webcam.
To change your camera settings, click the Camera drop-down menu. Then select a camera name. To disable the camera, select the Webcam Disabled option. 
Note: Camera names vary depending on the cameras installed on your computer.
Select Microphone Options
By default, the media recorder connects to your computer's default microphone.
To change your microphone settings, click the Mic button. Then select one of the displayed microphone options.
To disable the microphone and record without audio, select the Microphone Disabled option.
Note: Microphone names vary depending on the mics installed on your computer.
Select Screen Sharing Options
By default, screen capture is disabled. To record the screen, click the Screen Capture drop-down menu. Then select the Enabled option.
Share Browser Tab
To screen share the contents of a tab on your browser, click the [Browser] Tab option. Then, select a tab name from the list. View a preview of the selected tab.
To share tab audio, click the Also share tab audio toggle on. 
To begin screen sharing, click the Share button.
Note: The Share button starts screen sharing only; it does not begin recording.
Share Window
To share an entire browser window on your computer, click the Window tab. Then, click the Window Preview tile. 
To begin screen sharing, click the Share button. 
Note: The Share button starts screen sharing only; it does not begin recording.
Share Entire Screen
To share your entire computer screen, click the Entire Screen tab. If you have more than one active screen, click the preview tile for the screen you want to share. 
To begin screen sharing, click the Share button. 
Notes: 
The Share button starts screen sharing only; it does not begin recording.
If you receive an error message when trying to initiate entire screen sharing, check to make sure that your browser has been enabled for screen recording in your computer settings. 
Record Picture-in-Picture
If you select the Entire Screen tab and your webcam is enabled, your webcam displays within the screen share as picture-in picture.
Stop Sharing
To stop screen sharing, click the Stop sharing button. 
Note: When a recording is in progress, clicking the Stop sharing button ends the recording. 
Start Recording
To begin a count down to the recording, click the Start Recording button.
Pause or Finish Recording
You can view the length of your current recording.
To pause the recording, click the Pause button.
To finish your recording, click the Finish button.
Preview Recorded Media
Preview your recorded media in the media recorder.
To title your media, type in the File name field.
To submit your recording as a comment in SpeedGrader, click the Save Media button.
To discard your recording and record again, click the Start Over button.
View Posted Recording
The recording displays in the Assignment Comments area.
Note: If audible speech was recorded, captions are automatically added within a few minutes of the completed recording.
Play Recording
You or your student can play the recording. To play a recording, click the Play icon.
Manage Recording
To play the recording in the Play Media Comment window, click the Play button.
To adjust the volume, click the Volume button.
To view the media with or without captions, click the Toggle Captions button.
To adjust the speed or quality size, click the Settings button.
To expand the window to full screen, click the Full Screen button.