How do I create a True or False quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the True/False question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Edit True/False Question Details
To build a True/False question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
Text for the answer comments at the end of the question
Select Correct Answer
Hover your cursor to the left of the correct answer to reveal a green "ghost" arrow. Click the green arrow to the left of the correct answer. You will know which answer is the correct answer because both the arrow and the answer comment field around that answer will turn green. In this example, the "true" answer is the correct answer.
Complete True/False Question Details
Type or paste text in the answer comments fields. Use the handle at the bottom-right of the text box to expand.
Note: Any answer comments are visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students. 
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View of True/False Question
This is what a student sees when they encounter a True/False question in a quiz.
Student View of True/False Feedback
This is what students see if they are allowed to see correct answers after submitting the quiz.
They will see if their answer was correct or incorrect. No credit is assigned if the student answers a True/False question incorrectly. 