How do I view a quiz log for a student as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of a quiz.
Show Student Quiz Results
Click the Options menu and click the Show Student Quiz Results option. 
Open Student Results
Click the name of a student.
View Log
Click the View Log link.
View Session Information and Action Log
View the session information and the action log for the quiz. 
The session information shows the start date and time for the attempt. 
The action log for the specified attempt will display a status and a timestamp for each quiz action.
To refresh the quiz log, click the Refresh icon.
View Action Log Statuses
Each item in the action log contains a status.
Possible action log statuses include:
Viewed (and possibly read) a question displays when a student is active on the quiz page, but has not answered the question.
Answered a question displays when a student has answered the question. If questions are shown being answered multiple times, the student either changed their answer(s), or the answer was generated by the quiz autosave feature.
Stopped viewing the Canvas quiz-taking page displays when a student navigates away from the quiz (closes the browser tab, opens a new browser tab, or navigates to a different program). 
Resumed displays when the student has returned to the quiz. 
View Question Answers
To view responses to a question, click the link to the quiz question number.
You can view the number of times the question was answered, as well as each specific attempt at answering the question. 
To view answers for another quiz question, click the question number. To return to the log, click the Back to log link.
View Autosave Answers
The log may show Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks, Matching, Multiple Answers, and Multiple Dropdown questions as being answered at the beginning of the quiz. This action is generated by the autosave component within Canvas quizzes. If a student clicks to answer another question, the quiz will autosave all the questions and show them as being answered. Because of the autosave behavior, the quiz log does not include an accurate log for Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks, Matching, Multiple Answers, and Multiple Dropdown questions.
When viewing the question answers in the log, the question will show a null or no answer response for the autosaved answer attempt.  
View Additional Attempts
If the student has more than one quiz attempt, the log always shows the last attempt. Prior attempts can be viewed by clicking the number of the attempt.