How do I use the Comment Library in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz. 
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Open Comment Library
To open the Comment Library, click the Comment Library icon. 
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
Add Comment to Library
To add a new comment to the Comment Library, type your comment in the Add comment to library field. Then click the Add to Library button. 
Edit Comment in Library
To edit an existing comment from the Comment Library, click the comment's Edit icon. Make changes using the comment field and click the Save button to save your changes. 
Delete Comment from Library
To delete an existing comment from the Comment Library, click the comment's Delete icon.
Manage Comment Suggestion Setting
To enable or disable suggestions from appearing when typing in the SpeedGrader comments field, use the Show suggestions when typing toggle.
Note: Suggestions appear when the first three characters typed in the SpeedGrader comment field match the first three characters of a comment in the Comment Library. 
Add Comment from Comment Library
To add an existing comment to the student's submission in SpeedGrader, click the applicable comment.
Add Comment from SpeedGrader
If you have enabled comment suggestions, comment suggestions display when at least the first three characters of a comment in the Comment Library are typed in the Assignment Comments field in SpeedGrader. 
To insert a suggested comment into the Assignment Comments field, click the suggested comment.
View Unposted Comment Warning
When you create a text, media, or audio comment and try to advance to the next student or a previous student for the assignment, you are notified that the comment has been created but not posted. 
To save the comment as a draft for the submission, click the Proceed button.
You can choose to not be notified for comments that have not been posted by clicking the Do not show again for this assignment checkbox.
Notes:
The option to not show the warning applies on a per-assignment basis. Viewing another assignment and navigating between students before posting a comment also displays the warning.
The option is also stored on a per-browser basis, so viewing an assignment in a different browser also displays the warning.
View Draft Comment
If you navigate away from the SpeedGrader page or view another student submission before submitting your comment, Canvas notifies you that your comment has been saved as a draft. You can return to the submission at any time and submit or delete the draft comment. Comments cannot be viewed by students until they are submitted.
Submit Comment
To submit the comment, click the Submit button.