How do I answer each type of question in a quiz as a student
Essay Question
To answer an essay question, click the text box and type your content in the Rich Content Editor. You can use the editor to format your content. The Rich Content Editor also includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box
Note: Essay questions can also be used for mathematical questions that require the LaTex equation editor. To insert a mathematical equation, click the Options icon and click the Equation icon.
File Upload Question
To answer a file upload question, click the Choose a File button. Canvas will open a file dialog box where you can locate the file on your computer. Select the file and it will be uploaded as your answer. Canvas will confirm that your file has been uploaded. You can also remove your file by clicking the remove icon and submit a new file.
Fill-in-the-Blank Question
To answer a fill-in-the-blank question, click the text box and type your answer.
Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks Question
To answer a fill-in-multiple-blanks question, click the first text box and type your first answer. Click the second text box and type your second answer. Continue this process until you have answered the question.
Formula Question
To answer a formula question, click the text box and type your answer. 
Matching Question
To answer a matching question, click the drop-down menu and select your answer. Continue until you have matched all the options.
Multiple Answers Question
To answer a multiple answer question, click the check boxes next to all the applicable answers.
Multiple Choice Question
To answer a multiple choice question, click the radio button next to the answer.
Multiple Dropdowns Question
To answer a multiple drop-down question, click the the drop-down menu and select your answer. Continue until you have answered all parts of the question.
Numerical Answer Question
To answer a numerical question, click the text box and type your answer.
True/False Question
To answer a true/false question, click the radio button next to the answer.