How do I configure a manual entry external app for a course as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Open Apps
Click the Apps tab.
View App Configurations
To configure an app, click the View App Configurations button.
Add App
Click the Add App button.
Set Configuration Type
Select the Configuration Type drop-down menu and set the configuration type to Manual Entry.
Add App Details
Enter the name of the app in the Name field. Enter the consumer key in the Consumer Key field and the shared secret in the Shared Secret field. This key and shared secret will be provided by the vendor or (if using the Edu App Center) provided by the website. 
Note: There are some apps that do not require a consumer key or shared secret, so pay attention to the configuration directions.
Add Launch URL and Domain
In the Launch URL field, enter the Launch URL (source of the iframe for the link) to match the app to Canvas. Example: https://www.launchurl.com
You can choose to enter a domain in the Domain field. The domain is optional and may be included with or replace launch URL. Type the appropriate URL or domain in the Domain field. Example: domain.com
Note: URLs must be iframe enabled and accept POST requests. Additionally, apps are configured and recommended to be entered as secure links (HTTPS). 
Set Privacy
Select the Privacy drop-down menu to set the privacy settings:
Anonymous: No identifying information about the user will be sent to the vendor.
Email Only: The user's email is the only identifying information sent to the vendor.
Name Only: The user's name is the only identifying information sent to the vendor.
Public: Various identifying information (name, email, Canvas ID, SIS ID of the course, SIS ID of the user, etc.) is sent to the vendor.
Add Custom Fields and Descriptions
Type a custom field in Custom Fields. Type a description of the app in the Description field.
Submit App
Click the Submit button.
Verify App
If the app has already been added in the account, Canvas verifies that you still want to install the app. To continue, click the Yes, Install Tool button.
View App
View the linked app. To manage the app, click the Settings icon. 
To edit the app, click the Edit link. To manage where the app displays in Canvas, click the Placements link. To delete the app, click the Delete link.
Note: When you click the Placements link, you may see a No Placements Enabled message. This message indicates that the app does not have any specified placements within Canvas. However, the app will still work as intended.