How do I manage New Quizzes item banks shared with an account as an admin
Open Item Banks
In Account Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
View Item Banks
To filter by institution bank, shared with me banks or banks shared with the course, click the Filter by drop-down menu.
To search for a specific item bank, enter a search term in the Search field.
To search for a specific account, click the Account drop-down menu
To change the item bank sort order from ascending to descending, click the Sort button.
Note: When the Item Banks - Share with Sub-Accounts permission is enabled, you can filter by that sub-account.
Add Item Bank
To create a new item bank, click the Add Bank button. Learn more about creating an item bank as an admin.
Edit Item Bank Items
To manage item bank items, click the name of an item bank.
Manage Item Bank Items
To add a new item to the item bank, click the Add New button. Learn more about adding a new item to an item bank.
To edit an item bank item, click the Edit icon. Learn more about editing item bank items.
To move or copy an item bank item, click the Copy icon. Learn more about moving and copying item bank items.
To delete an item bank item, click the Delete icon.
To view item details, click the Expand item details icon.
To return to all item banks, click the Item Banks link.
Duplicate Item Bank
To duplicate an item bank, click the Duplicate icon. 
Confirm Duplication
To confirm duplication, click the Duplicate button. Note: Duplicated item banks include "Copy" at the end of the bank name.
Share Item Bank
To manage sharing settings for an item bank, click the Share icon.
Set Sharing Settings
You can share an item bank with users, courses, and sub-accounts.
To share the item bank with specific users, courses, or sub-accounts type a user, course, or sub-account name in the Share With field.
You can set access to Can view, which allows users to view item banks in a read-only state, or Can edit, which allows users to view and edit the item bank.
To set access settings you're sharing with, click the Access drop-down menu. You can set access to view or edit.
To share the item bank with the specified user(s) or course(s), click the Add button.
To save your sharing settings, click the Close button.
Note: When the Item Banks - Share with Sub-Accounts permission is enabled, you can share to sub-accounts.
Edit Item Bank
To edit the name of an item bank, click the Edit icon.
Edit Item Bank Name
To change the name of the item bank, type a new name in the Bank Name field, then click the Save Changes button to save the new name.
Delete Item Bank
To delete an item bank, click the Delete icon.
Confirm Deletion
To confirm item bank deletion, click the Delete button.
Deleting an item bank will cause the following to apply to items in the item bank:
Items will no longer be accessible to others who currently have shared access.
Items will not be removed from any assessments
Items will lose their statistical link in reporting (if they were part of an assessment)
Items will no longer be available to any assessments attempting a random/batch pull of items (removing the pull will resolve the issue)