How do I send a message to all students based on specific course criteria in New Analytics as an instructor
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or click the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you cannot view the New Analytics link, you may have to make the link visible via the Navigation tab in Course Settings.
Open Course Grade Analytics
To view course grade analytics, click the Course Grade tab.
Message Students Who
Message recipients are automatically populated based on selected criterion as well as any applied filters. 
If you want to filter analytics for a specific assignment, section, or student, search for and select the intended filter in the Filter field. Then click the Message icon.
Select Criteria
The Message Students Who window defaults to the Score Range criterion, which allows you to message students based on a specific current grade percentage range in the course. 
The Range field determines the specified percentage range, and the BCC field displays the number of students who fall within the specified range. By default, the Range field displays 0 to 100%, so the BCC field includes all students in the course. Additionally, any filters in the analytics page automatically display as an intended recipient for the message. If no filters have been applied, the message displays as being sent to all sections.
To select a new range, enter the minimum and maximum current grade percentage in the percentage fields. The BCC field displays the updated number of students and/or sections who have grade percentages within the specified range.
The Missing and Late criteria options do not include any additional criterion. Selected students are based on submission status, and the number of affected students displays in the BCC field. Again, any filters included in the analytics page also display as intended recipients.
Note: When you message students who are missing an assignment, New Analytics only shows students if the assignment due date has already passed.
Verify Recipients
For any criterion, you can manage the users who will be sent the message, if needed. Click the link that includes the number of students, then view the expanded BCC field.
To remove a student from the message, click the student's Remove icon.
To reset student names back to the originally specified list, click the Reset Names link.
Send Message
In the Subject field, enter a subject for your message.
In the Message field, enter the description of your message.
Click the Send button.