How do I create a new page in a course as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Pages
Pages is designed to open to the front page for the course, if there is a front page selected. To select a page from the Pages Index, click the View All Pages button.
Add Page
Click the Add Page button.
Add Content
Enter a name for your page. 
Add links, files, images, and other content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor includes a word count display below the bottom right corner of the text box.
Edit Page Settings
You can decide who can edit the page by clicking the Users allowed to edit this page drop-down menu. Options include only teachers, teachers and students, or anyone. The Anyone option only applies to users who are enrolled in the course.
You can add the page to the student to-do list by clicking the Add to student to-do checkbox. When you add a page to the student to-do, the to-do displays in the student's to-do list as well as the in the course calendar and students' course sidebar To Do list.
You can schedule when a page will be published. Enter a date and time in the Publish At field. Your page must be unpublished to schedule a publication date.
You can also notify users that content has changed by clicking the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox.
Note: If a users Course Content notification is turned off they are not notified of page updates. 
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your page, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your page, click the Save button.
Note: If you try to navigate away from a page without saving, you will generate a pop-up warning.
When your page is saved in a draft state, you can return to the page and publish it at any time by clicking the Publish button. The button will change from gray to green.
View Scheduled Page Publication
When your page is saved for scheduled publication, you can return to the page and manage the publishing of it at any time by clicking the Will publish on... button. 
You can choose between publishing the page, unpublishing the page, or scheduling the page for publication options and then click the OK button.
View Page
View the page you created.