How do I create a group as a student
Open People
In Course Navigation, click the People link.
Open Groups
Click the Groups tab.
Or, to access groups through the Options menu, click the Options icon and then click the View User Groups link.
Add Group
Click the Add Group button.
Enter Group Name
Name the group by entering a name in the Group Name field.
Choose Group Membership Option
Determine who can join the group by clicking the Joining drop-down menu.
To allow anyone in the course to join the group, select the Course members are free to join option. 
To allow only specific people to join the group, select the Membership by invitation only option.
Invite Students
You can send group invitations to specific students. To invite a student, click in the empty Invite Students search field or enter a one or more letters of the student's first name. Then select a student name from the list. 
To invite multiple students, repeat this process.
Notes:
If you set the group membership option so that anyone can join, but you select only a few of the students to invite to the group, the remaining students who were not invited can see the group in the student group list and can still join the student group. 
If you set the group membership option as invitation only, students who were not invited cannot see the group in the student group list. 
To add a new student to a group at a later time, contact your instructor for assistance. Your instructor can add or remove students, or your instructor can make you the student group leader so that you can manage the group membership.
View Invited Students
In the Invite Students field, view invited student names.
To remove a student name, click the Remove icon.
Save Group
To create the group, click the Submit button.
View Group
The new group you created is listed in your course groups.
To open Group details, click the Visit link.
Edit Group Details
If you need to change the group name, click the Edit Group button. 
To switch between groups you have created, click the Select Group drop-down menu. 