How do I view the sync history for a blueprint course as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Courses
In Account Navigation, click the Courses link. 
Note: When you open an account, the account defaults to the Courses page.
Find Course
To find the course in the account, use the filter and search options.
To include only blueprint courses in your search results, click the Show only blueprint courses option. 
Open Course Settings
In the courses list, click the course Settings icon.
Open Sync History
In the Course Home Page, click the Blueprint sidebar tab, then click the Sync History link.
Note: You can access the Blueprint sidebar from any Course Navigation page.
View Sync History
The Sync History page shows information about the last five syncs to the blueprint course. The page displays the date and time of the sync, the number of changes, and the name of the user who synced the changes. 
If a message was included as part of the notification, the message is displayed above the list of synced changes.
For an initial course association, sync history displays the date and time the sync was made but does not display details related to the sync.
View Sync Details
The Sync History page shows the specific content that has been synced. Each content object shows the synced status of the object (locked or unlocked), the name of the content item, the content object type, the content change, and whether or not the sync was applied. 
Content changes can be created, updated, or deleted. Updated changes indicate any change to existing content.
View Sync Exceptions
The Sync History page may show items with a sync exception. Exceptions occur when content is not synced because the content was modified in an associated course before the blueprint course was synced.
An exception is noted by the Exception indicator, which includes the number of exceptions.
To view which course(s) had an exception, click the arrow icon next to the name of the content item. The term and name of the course is shown in the expanded details.
Close Sync History
When you are finished with the Sync History page, click the Done button.