How do I insert a table using the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Table Editor
To use the table editor, click the Table icon.
Note: To view the Table icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Insert Table
To expand the table creator, hover over the Table option in the drop-down menu. Then, to specify the table dimensions, drag your cursor over the grid. 
Note: The largest table you can create using the table creator is 10x10. However, additional columns and rows can be added manually. 
View Table Layout Tools
When you click on the table in the Rich Content Editor, the Table Context Menu displays.
You can edit the table properties, delete the table, add or delete rows, and add or delete columns.
Open Table Properties
In the Table Context Menu, click the Table Properties icon. 
You can also click the toolbar Table icon, and select the Table Properties option. 
Edit General Table Properties
By default, the table properties editor displays the General tab. Type in the appropriate fields to edit these general table properties. 
Width and Height: enter the width and height of your table (in pixels or percent, e.g. 500px, 50%). 
Cell Spacing: enter the space between individual cells as well as cells and table borders (in pixels, e.g. 3px).
Cell Padding: enter the space between the cell border and its content (in pixels, e.g. 5px). 
Border: enter the thickness of the table border (in pixels, e.g. 5px).
Caption: select to display a caption above the table. 
Alignment: select the alignment of your table in the Rich Content Editor.
To apply edits, click the Save button.
Manually Edit Table Size
You can also manually adjust the width and height of your table in the Rich Content Editor. 
When you click the table, adjustment handles appear in each corner. Click and drag the handles to adjust the size. 
Edit Advanced Table Properties
To view additional customization options, click the Advanced tab.
Edit Border Style
To edit the border line style, click the Border Style drop-down menu. 
Select a border line style from the displayed options. For your table to display without lines, select the None option. You can also select to hide table lines.
To apply the border style, click the Save button. 
Edit Border and Background Colors
You can edit the table colors using the Border Color and Background Color options. 
Enter a color name or HEX code (in #nnnnnn format) in the color field. 
You can also click the Color Swatch button and select a color from the color drop-down menu. View the color name by hovering your mouse over the color tile. To remove color formatting, click the Remove Color icon. To select a custom color, click the Custom Color icon. 
To apply the colors, click the Save button.
View Cell Format Options
With one or more cells selected within the table, click the Table icon, then hover over the Cell option. 
To edit the cell properties, click the Cell properties option. 
To merge cells, click the Merge cells option. 
To split merged cells, click the Split cell option. 
Edit General Cell Properties
By default, the Cell properties editor displays the General tab. You can edit the following general cell properties:
Width and Height: adjust the width and height of your cell or cells (in pixels or percent, e.g. 500px, 50%). 
Cell Type: select from header cell or general cell options.
Scope: select whether the cell or cells is a header for a column, row, or group of columns or rows. 
H Align: select the horizontal alignment for text in the cell or cells
V Align: select the vertical alignment for text in the cell or cells
To apply edits, click the Save button.
Edit Advanced Cell Properties
To view additional customization options, click the Advanced tab. Edit cells using the following options:
Border style: select a border line style, or hide or remove cell border lines. 
Border color: enter a color name or HEX code (in #nnnnnn format), or use the Color swatch to select a border color for the cell or cells. 
Background color: enter a color name or HEX code (in #nnnnnn format), or use the Color swatch to select a cell background color. 
To apply edits, click the Save button. 
Edit Row Options
With the table selected or with a specific row selected, use the Table Context Menu row options to add or remove a row. 
To view more row options, click the Table icon, then hover over the Row option. Edit rows by clicking the appropriate option.
Insert row: select to enter a row before (above) or after (below) the selected row
Delete row: delete the row and its content
Row properties: view options for row type, alignment, height, and colors.
Cut row: cut the row and place it in the clipboard, ready to be pasted.
Copy row: copy the row and place it in the clipboard, ready to be pasted.
Paste row: After cutting or copying a row, select to enter the row before (above) or after (below) the selected row. 
Edit Column Options
With the table selected or with a specific column selected, use the Table Context Menu column options to add or remove a column. 
Alternatively, you can click the Table icon, then hover over the Column option. Edit columns by clicking the appropriate option.
Insert column: select to enter a column before (left) or after (right) the selected column
Delete column: delete the column and its content
Delete Table
With the table selected, click the Table Context Menu Delete icon. You can also click the toolbar Table icon, and then click the Delete table option.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.