How do I create hyperlinks to course or group content in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, discussion, or page.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a link displaying the name of a course or group content item, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear.
To insert a hyperlink to a group content item, select the text for your hyperlink. 
Open Course Link
In the toolbar, click the Links icon and select the Course Link option.
Notes: 
You can also link to course files such as images, media files, and documents. 
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Group Link
When using the Rich Content Editor within groups, you can create a link to group content.
In the toolbar, click the Link icon and select the Group Link option.
Notes: 
You can also link to group files such as group images, group media files, and group documents. 
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Select Course or Group Content
Use the Add menu to select the linked content. By default, the Add drop-down menu displays Links for content. You can also add document, image, and media file links.
To search for course or group content, type at least three characters in the Search field.
Content items are grouped by content type. To view a list of group content items click the arrow icon next to the content type. Then click the name of the item you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Notes: 
The text will flash before turning into the hyperlink.
You may be able to link to course or group content in Pages, Assignments, Quizzes, Announcements, Discussions, Modules, and Navigation items. 
Add Course or Group Content
To add a content item, open the group content section and click the Add one! link.
Insert Navigation Link
You can also insert Navigation links from the Add menu. When a user clicks on an inserted Navigation link, Canvas will navigate them to that feature page. 
Drag and Drop Content Links
You can also choose to drag and drop content links from the Add menu by selecting the item and dragging and dropping it to the desired location in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Link
View the link displaying the name of the content item or the hyperlinked text. 
Edit Hyperlink
To edit a content link, hover over the text for your hyperlink and click the Link Options link.
View the current linked course or group content.
To replace the course or group content link, enter at least three characters in the Search field. Or you can use the feature area sections to find and replace the content.
Click the Replace button.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply or Reply button.
View Content Link
View the content. To view the linked course content, click the inserted link.
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon. 