How do I view New Analytics in a course as a student
Open Course
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the name of the course.
Open New Analytics
To open New Analytics, click the New Analytics link in Course Navigation or the New Analytics button in the Course Home page.
Note: If you cannot view an option to access New Analytics, your instructor may not have enabled this feature or you may not have the necessary course role permissions. 
View Course Grade Graph
By default, student analytics opens to the Course Grade tab. The Course Grade graph shows your submission status and grade for all the assignments in the course. Your current course grade is shown above the chart graph. 
The x-axis displays an icon to indicate if the activity is an assignment, quiz, or discussion. The y-axis indicates the grade percentage.
A solid dot represents a graded assignment and an empty dot represents an ungraded assignment.
To download a CSV of your course grade data, click the Download button.
View Assignment Details
To view more details about an assignment, click the dot.
Each assignment will display the title, due date, grade, and status label. The status label may display as on time, missing, late, or excused.
View Course Grade Data Table
To view course grade data in a table, click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. The data table shows the assignment name, due date, status, and grade. The table can be sorted by clicking any column heading. 
View Weekly Online Activity Graph
To view your weekly online activity, click the Weekly Online Activity tab. Your total page views and total participations are displayed above the chart. 
Data is displayed as a chart with two rows: average page views and average participations. The following actions will generate participations:
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Assignments: submits an assignment
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Pages: creates a page
Quizzes: submits a quiz
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz
Data for the week that is currently in progress is indicated by a dotted line.
To download a CSV of the weekly online activity data, click the Download button.
View Weekly Online Activity Data Table
To view weekly online activity in a table, click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. The data table shows the week start date, number of page views, and number of participations. The table can be sorted by clicking any column heading.
View Communication Graph
To view an overview of messages, click the Communication tab. The Communication graph shows the number of conversations that have taken place between you and your instructor(s) in the Canvas Inbox. The total number of messages sent by you and your instructors is displayed above the graph. 
The x-axis shows the date range and the y-axis shows the number of messages sent. Student and instructor messages are differentiated by different colors. To improve contrast in the chart, click the Chart Options icon and select the Display Shapes option.
To view the details of the bar graph, hover over the specific bar you want to view. You can view the total number of messages sent for the date range. Click the bar to view the specific days and number of messages that were sent in the range.
To download a CSV of the communication data, click the Download button.
View Communication Data Table
To view communication activity in a table, click the Options icon and select the Data Table option. The data table shows the week start date, number of student messages, and number of instructor messages. The table can be sorted by clicking any column heading.
To view details of a specific date range, click the date. 