How do I move or reorder an assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Drag and Drop Assignment
You can use the drag and drop option to reorder assignments. Click the drag handle next to the assignment name. Drop the assignment in the desired location by releasing the mouse.
Move Assignment
You can also use the Move To option to reorder an assignment. Click the Options icon and select the Move To... link.
Select Assignment Group
In the Move Assignment sidebar, click the Assignment Group drop-down menu, then select the assignment group for the assignment. If you want to keep the assignment in the existing assignment group, select the existing assignment group name. However, if you want to move the assignment into another assignment group, select the new assignment group name.
Place Assignment
In the Place drop-down menu, select the placement of the assignment you are moving. You can move the assignment so that it is at the top of the section, before or after a specific section, or at the bottom of the section. 
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the third drop-down menu. Select the assignment that should be before or after the assignment you are moving. 
Move Assignment
Click the Move button.
Move Assignment Group Contents
If you want to move all assignments within an assignment group, click the Options icon and select the Move Contents link. 
Choose Assignment Group
In the Move Contents Into sidebar, click the Assignment Group drop-down menu, then select the assignment group.
Note: Choosing a placement for the assignment group contents will place all contents in the same order as they currently exist in the assignment group. After you have moved the contents, you can reorder assignments within the assignment group individually.
Place Contents
In the Place drop-down menu, select the placement of the contents you are moving. You can move the contents to appear at the top of a new assignment group, before or after specific items within the selected assignment group, or at the bottom of the list of items in the selected assignment group. 
Place Before or After
If you selected the Before or After option, click the third drop-down menu. Select the assignment group content item that should be before or after the contents you are moving.
If you want to move the contents to another location, change the sidebar placement options again.
Move Contents
Click the Move button.