How do I select specific content as part of a course import as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the content type you want to import. See the guides below to complete any additional fields required for the content. 
How do I copy content from another Canvas course using the Course Import tool?
How do I import a Canvas course export package?
How do I import content from Angel into Canvas?
How do I import content from Blackboard 6/7/8/9 into Canvas?
How do I import content from Bb Vista/CE, WebCT 6+ into Canvas?
How do I import content from Common Cartridge into Canvas?
How do I import Thin Common Cartridge files as separate modules?
How do I import content from Desire 2 Learn (D2L) into Canvas?
How do I import content from Moodle into Canvas?
How do I import quizzes from QTI packages?
Select Specific Content
In the Content section, click the Select specific content radio button. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
Select Content
In the Current Jobs section, click the Select Content button.
Select All Group Content
Content can be individual items or a content group. Content groups show the number of items within the group. To view content within a group, click the group's expand icon. 
To import all content for a content type, click the checkbox next to the content name. If the content type is a group, Canvas automatically selects all items within the group. 
Select Specific Group Content
To import only a few items from a content group, expand the group and select the specific items to be imported. Canvas places a dash in the content group checkbox, indicating not all items are selected within the group. 
Select Thin Common Cartridge Content
If you imported a Thin Common Cartridge file (Common Cartridge import), this file type is imported directly as module content. The structure can be expanded to view a nested layout that simulates the content structure. Learn how to select content with Thin Common Cartridge files.
Select Content
Click the Select Content button.
View Current Jobs
The report displays a menu bar with the time remaining to complete the import. View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.
The import may also display errors as part of the import status. Learn more about course import statuses.