How do I set up the Lucid Education Suite in my course as an instructor
Open Lucid
When using Lucid for the first time, either to embed a Lucid document or create a Lucid submission assignment, you must verify information before Lucid can be used in your course.
To access Lucid from Rich Content Editor, click the Lucid icon.
Note:To view the Lucid icon, you may have to click the Optionsicon. If the icon still does not display, Lucid may not be enabled for your institution.
Verify Course Information
When using Lucid for the first time, you must verify information before Lucid can be used in your course. 
Review your role and indicate if your course includes users under 13 years of age. Then click the Next button.
Request COPPA Consent
If users in your course are under 13 years of age, Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA) consent must be given by your institution prior to use.
To request Lucid to contact your institution for COPPA consent, enter your email in the Email field. Then click the Contact Lucid button.
Connect Lucid to Canvas
After confirmation that users are over the age of 13 or COPPA consent has been given, you can connect your Lucid account to your Canvas account by clicking the Connect button.
Log In to Lucid
If you have an existing Lucid account, click the Log in button to sign in. A new browser tab opens in which you can sign in to your account.
If you do not have a Lucid account, click the Sign up button and follow prompts to sign up for a free Lucid account.
Confirm Lucid Connection
After logging in to Lucid, connect your Lucid and Canvas accounts by clicking the Connect to Lucid button. 
Note: To view this page after logging in to Lucid, you may need to refresh your Canvas browser tab.
Confirm Lucid Educational Plan
Your Lucid account is upgraded to a free educational plan. To acknowledge, click the Continue button.
Connect Canvas to Lucid
To complete the connection between your Canvas and Lucid accounts, click the Get Started button.
Grant Account Access
A new browser tab displays. After reviewing the request for access, click the Grant Access button.
View Lucid in Canvas
Once your Lucid and Canvas accounts are connected, you can view existing Lucid documents and search existing documents. 
To create a new Lucidchart document or new Lucidspark board, click the Add New button.
Learn more about Lucidchart and Lucidspark.