How do I assign an assignment to an individual student as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link. 
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Assign to Specific Student
To create an assignment that is assigned only to a specific student, click the Remove icon next to the Everyone label, then start to type the name of a student in the Assign to field. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable.
You can include more than one student in the To field as long as the students are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Assign to Student
By default, Canvas will assign your assignment for everyone in your course. To assign a different due date to an individual student, click the Add button. Type the name of the student in the Assign to field. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable.
Assign Everyone Else
When an individual student or students are added to an assignment, the Everyone assignment changes to Everyone Else. 
The Everyone Else assignment assigns the remaining course students to the corresponding due and availability dates. 
To include the remaining course students, leave the Everyone Else assignment. 
To remove the remaining course students from the assignment, click the Remove icon. 
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the assignment is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the assignment will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the assignment will no longer be available.
Notes: 
To allow a student access to an assignment past the assignment's initial Until date, you must set a different Until date for the individual student.
Beneath the Due Date and Availability Date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for an assignment, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add another student with a different due date and availability dates, click the Add button.
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
If you do not add course sections to the assignment, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add those sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add additional sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if everyone or all course sections are assigned to the assignment.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the assignment, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the assignment before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the assignment again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the assignment against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the assignment date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Assignment Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the assignment.
View Assignments Page
On the Assignments Index Page, the assignment shows there are multiple users and dates assigned to the assignment. Hover over the text to view date availability.