How do I use the menubar in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
View Menubar
The menubar displays above the Rich Content Editor. The menubar includes the same tools as found in the toolbar, but in a format that is easier to navigate with a keyboard.
To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
View Edit Menu
To view the Edit menu, click the Edit link. From the Edit menu, you can undo content changes, redo content changes, cut, copy, paste, paste as text, and select all content. You can also view the keyboard shortcuts for each edit option. 
View View Menu
To view the View menu, click the View link. From the View menu, you can expand the editor content area to the width of your browser and open the HTML editor. 
Note: Fullscreen is not supported for the HTML editor.
View Insert Menu
To open the Insert menu, click the Insert link. To insert a link, click the Link option. You can link to an external URL or course content.
To insert an image, click the Image option. You can upload a new image or insert an image from your course or user files.
To insert media, click the Media option. You can record media, upload media, or insert media from your course or user files.
To insert a document, click the Document option. You can upload a document or insert a document from your course or user files.
To insert a math equation, click the Equation option.
 To insert a table, click the Table option. 
To embed content using an embed code, click the Embed option.
To insert a horizontal line, click the Horizontal Line option.
View Format Menu
To open the Format menu, click the Format link. You can select several formatting options, including bold, italic, underline, strikethrough, superscript, subscript, and code.
To open the Formats menu, click the Formats option. The Formats menu includes options for headings, inline text, blocks, and alignment.
To view and manage blocks, click the Blocks option. 
To select a font, click the Fonts option. 
To change the font size, click the Font sizes option. 
To manage text alignment, click the Align option.
To change the direction of the text, click the Directionality option. You can format text from left to right and from right to left.
To select a text color, click the Text color option. 
To select a background color, click the Background color option. 
To clear formatting, click the Clear formatting link.
View Tools Menu
To open the Tools menu, click the Tools link.
To view word count statistics, click the Word count option.
To embed content from an external tool, click the Apps option.
To find and replace content, click the Find and Replace option. You can also press Command+F (on a Mac keyboard) or Control+F (on a PC keyboard).
View Table Menu
To view the Table menu, click the Table link.
To add a new table, click the Table option. 
To format the table rows, click the Row option. To format the table columns, click the Column option. To format the table cells, click the Cell option.
To view table properties, click the Table properties link. To delete the table, click the Delete table option.