How do I upload a document in the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Document Upload Tool
To upload a document from the toolbar, click the Document icon. Then select the Upload Document option.
To view the Document icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Open Document Upload Tool from Menubar
You can also upload a document using the menubar in the Rich Content Editor. The menubar displays the title of Rich Content Editor tools and may be preferable for those using keyboard navigation.
To upload a document using the menubar, click the Insert menu, select the Document option, and select the Upload Document option.
Upload Document by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed a document by dragging and dropping the file saved to your computer.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple documents by dragging and dropping the files saved to your computer.
Upload Document by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed a document by copying and pasting a file saved to your computer. To copy a file to your clipboard, open the file location. Right-click the file and select Copy or click the file and use the keyboard shortcut CTRL+C on a PC or Command+C on a Mac. You can paste the file by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Upload Document from Computer
Click or drag and drop a media file to the media uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Select File
Select the document file and click the Open button.
View Selected File
The uploader displays the document file name. To remove the file, click the Delete icon. 
Manage Usage Rights
If required by your institution, you will need to select usage right settings for your document.
In the Usage Right drop-down menu, select one of the five usage right options:
I hold the copyright: original content created by you
I have obtained permission to use the file: authorized permission by the author
The material is in the public domain: explicitly assigned to public domain, cannot be copyrighted, or is no longer protected by copyright
The material is subject to an exception - e.g. fair use, the right to quote, or others under applicable copyright laws: excerpt or summary used for commentary, news reporting, research, or analysis in education
The material is licensed under Creative Commons: this option also requires setting a specific Creative Commons license
If known, enter the copyright holder information in the Copyright Holder field.
Note: If you are an instructor and are not sure which usage right applies to your document, please consult your institutional admin for guidance.
Embed Document
To embed your selected document, click the Submit button.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Document Link
View a link to your uploaded file in the Rich Content Editor.
To manage options for the link, click the link title and click the Link Options link. 
View Link Options
You can edit the link text in the Textfield or link URL in the Linkfield.
To disable users from seeing a file preview, select Disable Preview option.
You can choose to display a file preview in a pop-up window or in-line preview when the link is clicked. You can also choose to expand an in-line preview by default. 
To allow users to view a file preview in a pop-up window when the link is clicked, select the Preview in overlay option.
To allow users to view an in-line preview when the link is clicked, click the Preview inline option. To expand the in-line preview by default, click the Expand preview by Default checkbox. 
To save link options, click the Done button.
Notes:
Inline preview is not supported in the Canvas beta environment.
Inline previews do not display in Edit mode.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Notes: 
The assignment, discussion, pages, and quizzes details pages display a Save & Publish button. 
The Syllabus page displays an Update Syllabus button. 
Discussion replies display a Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor. 
To preview the file, click the file link.
To download the linked document, click the Download icon.