How do I publish or unpublish a page as an instructor
Open Pages
In Course Navigation, click the Pages link.
View Status within an Individual Page
Within individual pages, the page status is shown next to the page options.
Publish a Page
To publish a page, click the Publish button. The button will change from gray to green.
Unpublish a Page
To unpublish a page, hover over the published button. The hover text will confirm you want to unpublish the page, and the button will change from green to gray. Click the button to confirm. 
Note: You cannot unpublish a page that has been set to the Front Page.
View Scheduled Page Publication
When your page is saved for scheduled publication, you can return to the page and manage the publishing of it at any time by clicking the Will publish on... button. 
You can choose between publishing the page, unpublishing the page, or scheduling the page for publication options and then click the OK button.
View Status of All Pages
On the Pages Index page, you can view the status of each page. Green icons indicate the page is published. Gray icons indicate unpublished pages. You can change the status of a page by toggling the published and unpublished icons.
If enabled by your institution, you can schedule when a page will be published and can view when a page is scheduled to publish.
Publish a Page
To publish a page, click the unpublished icon. The hover text will confirm you want to publish the page.
Unpublish a Page
To unpublish a page, hover over the published icon. The hover text will confirm you want to unpublish the page. Click the icon to confirm. 
View Scheduled Page Publication
If enabled by your institution, you can view when a page is scheduled to publish by hovering over the calendar icon. The hover text displays when the page is scheduled to be published. Click the calendar icon to change the publication status.
Pages Student View
Students cannot see any of the actions involved with published status, such as published and unpublished icons and setting icons. Students will only see published pages, which are posted in blue text.