How do I submit an assignment on behalf of a group using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Choose Submission Type
To begin the assignment, select a submission type from the Choose a submission type section. 
If allowed by your instructor, you can choose to add a text entry submission, a website URL submission, a media file submission, an annotation submission, or a file upload submission. 
If external tools are installed in your course, such as Google Drive or Microsoft Office 365, you can add a Google Drive file or URL submission or a Microsoft Office 365 file or URL submission. 
Lastly, if allowed by your instructor, you may also take a photo of your assignment submission using your webcam.
Notes: 
If your assignment does not list one or more of the available submission types, those submission types have been restricted by your instructor.
Group assignments do not support Student Annotation assignments.
Submit Assignment
Click the Submit Assignment button.
Note: When a group assignment is submitted on behalf of a group, any submission drafts belonging to other group members are deleted. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If your instructor allows multiple attempts, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button. 
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.