How do I take a quiz in New Quizzes as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
To open a quiz, click the title of a quiz.
View Unavailable Quiz
When your enrollment has been concluded in a course, a message displays that the quiz is no longer available. 
View Quiz with Availability Dates
When a quiz is open to you during availability dates, you can view all available quiz information in addition to the specific dates the quiz is available to you. Availability dates may include a first available date (open date), last available date (locked or closed), or both dates to create an overall date range. The Due date may be before or on the last available date (if one is set).
In the example above, the quiz is available to you starting October 15 at 11 pm and is due by October 17th at 11:59 pm. However, if you were to miss the due date, you could still take the quiz until October 20th at 10:59 pm for late credit. If you do not submit the quiz by the last available date of October 20 at 10:59 pm (as indicated in your local time zone), Canvas will automatically submit the quiz on the last available date. On October 20 at 11 pm, the quiz will not be available to you.
View Quiz
From the quiz page, you can view the title, introduction, time limit, and due date. You can also view the amount of attempts allowed and previous attempts of the quiz.
If enabled by your instructor, the build on last attempt option allows you to reattempt incorrectly answered questions.
Note: If the quiz you are accessing displays differently, your instructor may have used the Classic Quizzes tool to create the quiz. Functionality may differ between these quiz types. For help with taking a quiz, please see How do I take a quiz?
Enter Access Code
If your quiz includes an access code, enter the code in the Access Code field. To display a masked access code, click the Show access code checkbox. Then click the Submit button.
Take Quiz
To begin taking a quiz, click the Begin button.
Resume Quiz
If you previously left your quiz and are still able to complete it, the page will display the Resume button.
To resume your quiz, click the Resume button.
View Quiz
Complete the quiz per your instructor’s instructions.
Your instructor may ask you to complete several types of questions. Each question will display its point value.
To pin a question to review later, click the Pin icon.
Open Question Navigator
To open the Question Navigator, click the Expandicon.
View Question Navigator
The Question Navigator allows you to easily view all questions included in a quiz. To jump to a specific question, click the question in the Question Navigator. To pin a question to review later, click the Pin icon.
Answered questions are highlighted in blue text. Unanswered questions are indicated by white text.
View Pinned Questions
All pinned questions will display in the Pinned Questions section. To view a pinned question, click the name of the question.
View Time Limit
If your quiz has a time limit, a countdown will appear on your screen. To hide the time limit, click the Hide button.
Open Calculator
Your instructor may allow you to use an on-screen calculator for the entire quiz or only for certain questions. To open the on-screen calculator, click the Calculator icon.
Note: If the Calculator icon doesn't display on the question, your instructor has not enabled calculators.
Use Calculator
Your instructor may enable a basic calculator or a scientific calculator. To use the calculator, click the number and function buttons or type numbers and functions using your keyboard.
To clear a calculation, click the Clear button.
View your calculation and results in the results field
Close the calculator by clicking the Close button. Calculations are saved if you close the calculator window.
To move the calculator around the browser window, click and drag the calculator header.
The scientific calculator includes additional buttons for more advanced functionality.
Click the Rad/Deg toggle to switch between Radian and Degree mode.
Submit Quiz
To submit your quiz, click the Submit button. To return to Canvas and resume your quiz at a later time, click the Return button.
Confirm Submission
To confirm submission of your quiz, click the Submit button. To continue working on your quiz, click the Cancel button. If you have unanswered questions in your quiz, Canvas will display a message notifying you of unanswered questions.