How do I assign an assignment to everyone in a course as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Add Assignment
Click the Add Assignment button.
Add Assignment Details
Add details to the assignment.
Assign to Everyone
By default, Canvas will assign your assignment for everyone in your course.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the assignment is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary.
Available From: Set the date and time when the assignment will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the assignment will no longer be available.
Notes:
If you have set section override dates in your course, you may need to select a course section and set due and availability dates that fall within the section override dates.
Beneath the Due Date and Availability Date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for an assignment, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Save and Publish
If you are ready to publish your assignment, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your assignment and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the assignment, Canvas generates an error notification. Such invalid entries include not unlocking the assignment before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates.
Correct the date and then update the assignment again.
Notes:
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the assignment against the term date set for the course.
If your course is not using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the assignment date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
View Assignment Dates
View the dates assigned to the assignment.
View Assignments Page
On the Assignments Index Page, the assignment shows the dates assigned to the assignment. 