How do I create a quiz by finding questions in a question bank as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
Question banks can only be used in Classic Quizzes. To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Notes:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz. 
Complete the rest of the quiz details.
Find Questions
Click the Questions tab. Click the Find Questions button.
Find Quiz Question
Select the question bank where you want to select questions.
Note: When you find questions in a question bank, changes made to questions in the question bank will not update in the quiz. 
Add Questions
Check the boxes next to the questions you want to add to your quiz. If you want to select all the questions, click the Select All link. 
If you want to add the selected questions to a question group, select the question group drop-down list. You can create a new group or add to an existing group.
When you've selected all the questions you want to use, click the Add Questions button.
Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Notes: 
When you click the Select All link, Canvas selects only the questions that currently appear in the window. If you have more than 50 questions in your question bank, click the More questions button until all the questions you want to select appear in the window.
If you set a question group to randomly select questions from a question bank, the questions will not be included in quiz exports. The QTI file will download quiz details, but no questions will be included.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 