How do I view my user files as a student
Open Files
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Files link.
View User Files
All your user folders display in the left panel. View files in the right panel by clicking the name of a folder. 
You can view your user quota and what percentage of that quota has been used. Files that have been submitted as assignments and graded discussions do not apply to the user quota.
Learn more about how to use files as a student.
View My Files
The My Files folder creates folders based on default events in Canvas. Once you upload a file related to one of these areas, the folder and accompanying file will be created for you. 
The Conversation attachments folder stores files that you attach to Conversations messages.
The Data Exports folder contains ZIP files created when you download assignment submissions from all your courses.
If your institution enables you to upload a profile picture, the Profile pictures folder stores photos that you upload as a profile picture. 
The Submissions folder contains copies of your assignment submissions; assignment are organized by course folder and displayed alphabetically. However, assignments submitted through an external tool are not copied to the Submissions folder.
The Unfiled folder stores files that you attach to discussion topics or discussion replies (if attachments are allowed by your instructor).
My Files also includes any additional folders you create to organize your files, as well as any files not uploaded to a specific folder. Any files in the My Files folder that are not related to assignment submissions count toward your user quota.
Notes: 
Files uploaded using the Rich Content Editor count toward your user storage quota. However, files uploaded as an assignment submission do not count toward your user quota. 
For online assignment submissions, if you submit a file that you've previously uploaded, you can delete the previously uploaded file after it has been submitted and free up extra storage in your user files.
View Course and Group Files
If your instructors allow you to view the Files link in Course Navigation, course folders display below your user files. Any course groups also display below the course folders.
You can easily move and organize files from your group files and user files. Unless you have permission to manage course files, course files can only be viewed and downloaded. 
You can also view course files and group files directly from the course or group.