How do I use the Moderation page in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Note: You can also access quizzes from the Assignments page.
Open Build Page
To use the Moderate page, find the quiz you want to open.
To open New Quizzes from an existing quiz, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
Moderate Quiz
Click the Moderate tab.
View Moderation Page
The Moderation page displays a list of students in the course, their quiz attempts, the score for each attempt, thetime for each attempt, attempt logs, and quiz accommodations.
You can choose to display scores as a percentage or raw score by clicking the Configure icon. 
To moderate a quiz for an individual student, click the Moderate button. Moderation options include managing timer settings and reopening a student's most recent attempt.
To open SpeedGrader, click the SpeedGrader button.
Filter Results
To search for a specific student, type their name in the Search field. To filter displayed results by all attempts, no attempts left, attempts left, submitted attempts, or attempts where autograding failed, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
View Student Attempt
To view the details of a student attempt, click the attempt link.
The student results page includes a student’s answers and grades for each question. From this page, you can review student answers.
Depending on question type, you may be able to regrade quiz questions.
View Log
To view the log for a student’s quiz attempt, click the View Log link.
In the log, you can view the time and date a student began the quiz and completed the quiz. You can also view each event a student completed while taking the quiz and the time that event was completed.
To view more details about a quiz event, click the drop-down arrow next to the event.
Note: The completion time on the log may differ from the time displayed on the Moderate page by a few seconds. The time shown on the Moderate page is more accurate and should be referenced when reviewing student attempts on timed quizzes.
View In Progress Log
The attempt log indicates if an attempt is still in progress. To manually submit the student attempt, click the Submit This Attempt button.
View In Progress Attempts
If students are currently taking a quiz, the Moderate page displays the number of in-progress attempts. To manually submit in-progress attempts, click the attempts link.
View Failed Autograding
In some instances, New Quizzes may fail to automatically grade a student quiz. To view failed autograding quiz attempts, click the Autograding Failed option in the Sort bydrop-down menu.To manually grade the student's quiz, click the Attempt link.