How do I publish final grades for a moderated assignment as an instructor
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the title of the assignment.
Open Moderate Page
Click the Moderate button.
Note: Your assignment must be published before you can add students to the moderation set.
Confirm Final Grades
Confirm all students have received a grade by a grader.
If a student does not yet have a final grade, you can apply a grade by accepting grades for a grader or using the Final Grade drop-down menu to assign a grade. 
View SpeedGrader Submissions
If you want to view a submission in SpeedGrader, click the name of the student.
Note: If the assignment is also anonymous, the anonymized student names link to the submission for that specific student.
Select Final Grades
To select a final grade for each student, click the Final Grade drop-down menu and select the grader's name.
To select all the grades as final grades, click the Accept button. Once selected, the Grade Summary page confirms the grades have been accepted.
Notes:
If the Accept button is grayed out, or if the assignment does not display the Accept button at all, one or more submissions have been graded by multiple graders and includes grading conflicts that you must resolve manually.
Accepting grades for a grader cannot be undone. However, you can change a final grade assigned to a student by assigning a custom grade, if needed.
Any annotations and rubrics that were not selected become inaccessible once the grade is released.
Set Custom Grade
To give a student a custom grade, select the text in the drop-down menu and type the custom grade. Press the Enter or Return key on your keyboard to save the custom grade.
Release Grades
When you are ready to release grades, click the Release Grades button.
Note: Once a grade is released, the grade in the Moderate page cannot be changed; all content is considered read-only for historical reference. However, grades can still be changed in the Gradebook.
Confirm Grades
Canvas confirms you want to release grades to the Gradebook. To continue, click the OK button.
Post Grades
When you are ready to post grades for the assignment so grades are visible to students students, click the Post to Students button.
Note: Once a grade is published, the grade in the Moderate page cannot be changed; all content is considered read-only for historical reference. However, grades can still be changed in the Gradebook.
Confirm Grades
Canvas confirms you want to post grades for this assignment to students. To continue, click the OK button.
View Posted Grades
Canvas confirms grades for the assignment were released to the Gradebook and posted to students. Grades in the Moderate page cannot be changed.