How do I link to a YouTube video in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Open Apps
You can view a list of external tools from the menubar. Click the Toolslink. Navigate to the Appsoption, then select the View Alloption.
Alternatively, you can view your apps from the toolbar. In the toolbar, click the App icon.
Note:To view the App icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
View Recently Used Apps
If you have previously used an external app from the Rich Content Editor, you can quickly open recently used apps.
To view recently used apps, click the App icon. Then select the app you want to open.
To view all apps, click the View All link.
Open YouTube
Click the YouTube link. 
You can also filter menu options using the Search field. 
Note: If the Google link does not display, the LTI may not be enabled in your course. You can still include your file by creating a hyperlink or publishing your Google content to the web and pasting the embed code in the HTML editor.
Search Videos
Enter a search term in the Search field. Then press Return (Mac) or Enter (PC) on your keyboard.
To view more information about a search option, click the video name.
Embed Video
To embed the video in the Rich Content Editor, click the Embed button. 
To manage the video embed options, click the Embed drop-down menu. You can select to embed a video hyperlink, or you can select to embed a small, medium, or large version of the video in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Video
View the embedded video in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button to save any changes made in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
To view the embedded video, click the Play icon. 
To view the linked video in a new browser tab, click the video link. To expand the linked video to view in Canvas, click the Play icon.