How do I enter a URL as an assignment submission as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
View Course Assignments
Click the name of an assignment.
Start Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Start Assignment button. 
Note: If you cannot see the Start Assignment button, your instructor may not want you to submit your assignment online or the availability date has passed. View the description of the assignment for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance. 
View Final Grade Notice
A banner may appear above your assignment to indicate that your instructor has removed the assignment from total grade calculations. However, this setting does not affect assignment submissions.
Open Website URL
To submit a URL, click the Website URL tab. 
Submit Website URL
Type or copy and paste the URL into the Website URL field. Click the Submit Assignment button. 
You can submit assignments from Google Drive, Dropbox, or another third-party service by sharing the file, copying the URL, and submitting as a website URL. Alternatively, you can download the file to your computer and submit as a file upload if the assignment allows. 
View Submission
The Sidebar displays information about your submission. 
If allowed by your instructor, you may choose to resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button. You will only be able to view the details of your most recent submission in the Sidebar, but your instructor will be able to see all of your submissions. 
Once the instructor has graded your submission, the Grades link in Course Navigation displays a grading indicator. You can also see details about your assignment and links to additional feedback in your Grades page. 
Notes: 
After submitting an assignment, the assignment will still appear in Assignments and in the Syllabus; the listing is not removed with assignment submissions. 
When you resubmit an assignment, you can only access and view your most recent submission. However, instructors can view all of your submissions. 