How do I view assignment feedback from my instructor using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
To open the assignment, click the assignment title. 
View Feedback
If your instructor has added assignment feedback, the Feedback sidebar displays by default. You can view up to the 20 most recent comments for the submission attempt.
You can view comments as well as the author, date, and time the comment was written. Comments may also include media or file attachments.
Note: The feedback sidebar is specific to the submission attempt viewed in the assignment page. Opening a new submission attempt will display a separate sidebar.
Add Comments
To add an assignment comment, type your comment in the comment field. 
To attach a file, click the Attach File button. 
You can record a media comment for your instructor. To record or attach a media file, click the Attach Media File button. 
To send your comment, click the Send Comment button. 
Note: If your instructor has not provided feedback via the Feedback sidebar, the Add Comment button displays in place of the View Feedback button on the Assignment Details page. To add an assignment comment, click the Add Comment button. 
Close Feedback Sidebar
To close the feedback sidebar, click the Close icon.
To reopen the feedback sidebar, click the View Feedback button.
View Rubric Feedback
If your assignment includes a rubric, your instructor may also leave comments in the rubric. 
By default, if a rubric was completed for your submission attempt, the View Rubric section is expanded.
You can view ratings and comments made by specific graders using the Select Grader drop-down. 
You can view awarded ratings, points, and criteria comments. 
View Annotated Comments
If you added a file upload submission, your instructor may have included annotated feedback directly on your submission. 
Files that support annotations display in Docviewer. Learn how to view annotated comments.