How do I view and sort announcement replies in Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
Click the name of the announcement.
View Announcement
Announcements include an announcement and announcement replies. In the topic field, you can view the number of unread and replies are in an announcement. 
You can also receive notifications for announcement activity by subscribing to the announcement. To subscribe to an announcement, click the Subscribe icon. You are automatically subscribed to any announcements you create or reply to. To unsubscribe, click the Subscribe icon again. 
Note: Notifications from subscribed announcements are based on your notification settings.
View Toolbar
Each discussion displays a toolbar that allows you to view and navigate announcement replies. The toolbar will remain at the top of the screen when you are viewing announcement replies. 
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field. 
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. 
You can filter by all replies or unread replies. To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button. 
To return to the top of a announcement, click the Top button.
View Replies
In announcement replies, you can view the name of the user who posted the reply, the date and time their reply was posted, and the date and time the last threaded reply was posted.
 Unread replies are indicated by the Unread icon.
If you allow students to like replies in an announcement, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the announcement. 
View Threaded Replies
If course users have replied to an announcement reply, you can view the reply thread by clicking # of replies link.
The Thread sidebar displays threaded replies including the name of the user who posted the reply and the date and time the reply was posted. 
You can respond to the thread by clicking the Reply link. 
To create a response that includes a quoted text from a threaded reply, click the Quote link for the corresponding threaded reply. 
To like a threaded reply by clicking the Like icon. 
Reply to Announcement
To reply to the announcement, click the Reply button. To reply to an announcement reply, click the Reply link.
View Reply Settings
To view the Options menu for a reply, click the Options icon.
To mark a reply as unread, click the Mark Post as Unread option.
To view the announcement, click the Go To Topic option. 
To edit a reply, click the Edit option. 
To delete a reply, click the Delete option.
View Deleted Reply
Instructors can view the name of the user who deleted a reply and the date and time the reply was deleted.
View Threaded Reply Settings
To view the Options menu for a threaded reply, click the Options icon.
To view the original post in a threaded reply, click the Go to Parent option
If a reply was quoted in the threaded reply click Go to Quoted Reply to view the reply that was quoted.