How do I enter a URL as an assignment submission for a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
Click the Web URL option.
If your instructor only allows URL submissions, the Website URL field displays in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the URL submission type does not display in the Choose a submission type section, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Submit a Website URL
Type or copy and paste the URL into the Enter Web URL field. 
You can submit assignments from Google Drive, Dropbox, or another third-party service by sharing the file, copying the URL, and submitting as a website URL. Alternatively, you can download the file to your computer and submit as a file upload if the assignment allows. 
To preview your URL in a new browser tab, click the View icon.
To submit your URL submission, click the Submit Assignment button. 
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission your assignment attempt by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
Note: A URL must be entered to view the Preview icon and Submit Assignment button. 
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment by clicking the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.