How do I export grades in the Gradebook as an instructor
00:00:How do I export grades in the Gradebook?
00:03:In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
00:07:Click the Export button.
00:10:Click the Export Current Gradebook View link.
00:13:If you are using grading periods and want all grading periods included in your CSV file, click the Export Entire Gradebook link.
00:21:If you navigate away from the page during the export, the CSV file will appear as a previous download in the Export menu so it can be downloaded again. The Gradebook allows you to view a previous export. If you made changes to the Gradebook after exporting a file and want to export a new file, click the Export link again.
00:42:Edit the scores in Microsoft Excel. Make sure to save the file as a CSV file type. Once you have made changes, you can upload it to your course.
00:53:This guide covered how to export grades in the Gradebook.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Export Scores
Click the Export button, then click the Export Current Gradebook View link.
If you are using grading periods and want all grading periods included in your CSV file, click the Export Entire Gradebook link.
When the export is completed, Canvas downloads the CSV file automatically to your computer. 
View Exported Scores
If you navigate away from the page during the export, the CSV file will appear as a previous download in the Export menu so it can be downloaded again. The Gradebook allows you to view a previous export.
If you made changes to the Gradebook after exporting a file and want to export a new file, click the Export link again.
Notes: 
Gradebook export files include the date and time of the download to differentiate between multiple exports. The export filename format is YYYY-MM-DDTHHMM, followed by the course name.
Gradebook export files automatically save to your user files in an Unfiled folder.
Edit Scores
Edit the scores in Microsoft Excel. Make sure to save the file as a CSV file type.
Once you have made changes, you can upload it to your course. 
View Read-Only Columns
The CSV download includes read-only columns displaying current and final scores. These columns display for each assignment group in a course and for final course grades. 
Current Points: Reflects points for graded assignments
Final Points: Reflects points for all assignments
Current Score: Reflects scores for graded, posted assignments
Unposted Current Score: Reflects scores for graded assignments and includes hidden assignments
Final Score: Reflects overall score including unsubmitted assignments as zero but excluding hidden assignments
Unposted Final Score: Reflects total score, including unsubmitted assignments as zero and hidden assignments
Current Grade: Reflects course grade based on graded, posted assignments
Unposted Current Grade: Reflects course grade based on graded assignments, including hidden assignments but excluding unsubmitted assignments
Final Grade: Reflects overall course grade including unsubmitted assignments as zero but excluding hidden assignments
Unposted Final Grade: Reflects overall course grade, including unsubmitted assignments as zero and hidden assignments