How do I create a quiz with individual questions as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Note:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz. 
Complete the rest of the quiz details.
Add Question
Click the Questions tab. Manually create a new quiz question by clicking the New Question button.
Name Quiz Question
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily.
Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Select Question Type
In the question type drop-down menu, you can create the following types of quiz questions:
Multiple Choice
True/False
Fill-in-the-Blank
Fill-in-Multiple-Blanks
Multiple Answers
Multiple Drop-down (can be used for Likert scale)
Matching
Numerical Answer
Formula (simple formula and single variable)
Essay 
File Upload 
You can link course content to create Quiz questions, such as linking a diagram image. 
Set Point Value
To set the point value for the question, enter the points in the pts field.
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Update Question
To save your question, click the Update Question button.
View Questions
View the questions in your quiz. To view questions details, click the Show Question Details checkbox. 
Note: Question details are not available in quizzes with more than 25 questions.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 