How do I assign a quiz to an individual student as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link. 
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
Enter Quiz Details
Enter a name and description for your quiz, as well as any other quiz options.
Assign to Student
By default, Canvas will set your quiz for everyone in your course. To create the quiz for a specific student, click the Everyone remove icon, then start to type in the name of a student. Search fields are dynamic, and you can search for students by first or last name. When the full name appears, click the name. Lists are not scrollable. 
You can include more than one student in the To field as long as the students are to be assigned the same due and availability dates.
Note: If students have already taken the quiz and you remove Everyone from the Assign to field, attempts and scores for those students will be removed from the quiz. If students have already taken the quiz, you should add individual students using the Add button instead of removing Everyone from the Assign to field.
Edit Due and Availability Dates
In the date fields, add your preferred date(s) with the following options:
Due: Set the date and time that the quiz is due. The due date will already be populated for you if you created an assignment shell, but you can change it if necessary. 
Available From: Set the date and time when the quiz will become available.
Until: Set the date and time when the quiz will no longer be available.
Note: Beneath the Due Date and Availability date fields, Canvas will display the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage courses in a time zone other than your local time zone and create or edit a due date for a quiz, the course and local times are displayed for reference.
Add Additional Dates
To add another student with a different due date and availability dates, click the Add button. 
Remove Dates
You can also delete additional dates by clicking the remove icon next to the appropriate date.
Save and Publish 
If you are ready to publish your quiz, click the Save & Publish button. If you want to create a draft of your quiz and publish it later, click the Save button.
View Due Date Warning
If you do not add course sections to the assignment, you will see a warning message asking you if you want to add those sections. 
You can click the Continue button if you don't want to add any sections to the assignment, or click the Go Back button to go back and add additional sections. 
Note: This warning message will not appear if Everyone or all course sections are assigned to the assignment.
View Date Error
If you submit an invalid string of due dates and try to save the quiz, Canvas generates an error notification. Examples of invalid entries include not unlocking the quiz before it is due, not placing the due date inside the range of availability dates, or assigning a date that is outside the course or term dates. 
Correct the date and then update the quiz again. 
Notes: 
If the course does not include specified course start and end dates, Canvas validates the quiz against the term date set for the course.
If your course is using Multiple Grading Periods, the Assign field validates the due date against the closed grading period and requires the quiz date to be past the date of the closed grading period.
Preview and Publish Quiz
Click the Preview button to see what students will see when they take the quiz. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 
View Quiz Dates
View the dates and users assigned to the quiz.
View Quizzes Page
On the Quizzes Index Page, the quiz shows there are multiple users and dates assigned to the quiz. Hover over the text to view date availability.