How do I submit a peer review to an assignment using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Peer Review Assignment
In the Assignment Index page, you can view any peer reviews assigned to you. To open the peer review, click the Required Peer Review link.
If your peer review is anonymous, the student's name displays as Anonymous Student.
Note: If your instructor has assigned an On Paper or No Submission assignment, the assigned peer review does not display on this page. However, it can still be viewed from the Dashboard.
Complete Peer Review
To complete the peer review, add a comment, attach a file, or media comment, and click the Send Comment button.
Note: If your instructor includes a rubric, which is a pre-determined outline of how an assignment is graded, you must assign a grade using the rubric. However, your instructor may also ask you to leave a comment in the comment sidebar.
Complete Rubric
If the assignment has a rubric attached, you are only required to complete the attached rubric for the peer review to be considered finished. 
To view the rubric, click the Fill Out Rubric link.
To score the assignment with the rubric, select rubric ratings or enter a score for each criterion in the Points column. To deselect a rubric rating, click the rubric rating.
Each criterion score is added toward the total points for the assignment.
When you're finished, click the Submit button. You may need to refresh your browser to see that you've completed the required steps for the peer review.
Notes: 
Depending on how your instructor set up the rubric, it may or may not include point values. If the rubric does not include point values you still need to fill out the rubric to complete the peer review.
After you save the rubric, you cannot edit it to change your comments or ratings.
View Confirmation
View confirmation you have completed the peer review.