How can I create a quiz where students only see one question at a time
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
To save your quiz engine selection for this course, click the Remember my choice for this course checkbox.
Then click the Submit button.
Notes:
Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
You can reset your quiz engine choice from the Quiz Options menu at any time.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of your quiz. In the Rich Content Editor, introduce your quiz with formatted text, images, video, or sample math equations. You can even use the media commenting tool to record an introduction to the quiz.
Note: To edit quiz settings for a quiz that uses the New Quizzes quiz engine, see How do I manage settings for an assessment in New Quizzes?
Edit Quiz Options
Click the Show one question at a time checkbox. If you want to keep your students from returning to a previous question during the quiz, click the Lock questions after answering checkbox. 
Edit Quiz Questions
In the Questions tab, you can create a new question, create a new question group, or find questions by selecting them from a question bank. 
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz.
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
To preview the quiz, click the Preview button. When you are ready for students to see the quiz in the course, click the Publish button. 
Note: We recommend you do not publish your quiz until it is final. If you change the quiz after a student has already opened it, the student will not see any of the changes in his or her version of the quiz. 