How do I import content from Moodle into Canvas as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Moodle 1.9/2.x .zip file option.
Choose File
Click the Choose File button.
Open File
Find and click the Moodle .zip or .mbz file you want to import. Click the Open button.
Select Question Bank
In the Default Question bank drop-down menu, select the Question bank you want to use for your question bank from Moodle. 
Create Question Bank
If you do not have a question bank you want to use, you can create a new question bank. In the drop-down menu, select the Create new question bank option.
Select Migration Content
To import all content from the course, select the All Content radio button. 
If you want to select specific content, click the Select specific content radio button.
Note: If you select the specific content option, you are required to select the content you want to import after you review the remaining page options. After you start importing the content, the import selection cannot be canceled. 
Adjust Events and Due Dates
If you want to adjust the due dates associated with the course events and assignments, click the Adjust events and due dates checkbox.
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Course
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. Running reports display a progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import.
If you chose to select specific content in your course, the current job will show as Waiting for Select, which means you must select the content you want to import.
The import may also display other status indicators as part of the import process. Learn more about course import statuses.
View the content from any completed imports by accessing any link in Course Navigation.