How do I create an icon using the Rich Content Editor Icon Maker as an instructor
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Open Icon Maker from Toolbar
To add an icon from the toolbar, click the Icon Maker icon.
To create a new icon, click the Create Icon Maker Icon link.
To open a saved icon, click the Saved Icon Maker Icons link.
Add Icon Details
In the Name field, enter a name for your icon.
To add descriptive text to your icon, enter the name in the Alt Text field.
To disable Alt Text for your icon, check the Decorative Icon checkbox.
Edit Icon
In the Icon Shape drop-down menu, you can select the shape type you would like the icon to be. You can select between square, circle, triangle, diamond, pentagon, hexagon, octagon, and star shapes. 
If you would like to modify the size of your icon, use the Icon Size drop-down menu.
To change the color of your icon, click the Icon Color drop-down menu.
To add an outline to the icon, click the Icon Outline drop-down menu.
If you would like to modify the size of your outline, use the Icon Outline Size drop-down menu.
Edit Text
Type the text you would like to include on the icon in the Text field. 
If you would like to modify the size of your text, use the Text Size drop-down menu.
To change the color of your text, click the Text Color drop-down menu.
To change the color of your text background color, click the Text Background Color drop-down menu.
If you would like to modify the position of your text, use the Text Position drop-down menu.
Add Image
To add an image to your icon, click the Add Imagedrop-down menu.
You can upload your own image, add an Instructure predefined single color image, add an Instructure predefined multi color image, or add an image from your course files.
Add Instructure Predefined Images
You can select from Instructure predefined single color or multi color images.
Upload Image
To add a custom image to your icon, drag and drop or browse for the file on your computer and then click the Submit button.
Crop Image
You can crop the image to fit. 
To change the shape, click the Shape drop-down menu. 
To change the orientation, enter a number in the Rotation field or use the Rotation buttons.
To change the size, enter a number in the Percent field or use the Magnifying Glass buttons. 
To reset the uploaded image, click the Reset button.
To save your icon, click the Save button.
Upload Course Image
To upload a course image, click the preview of the previously uploaded file.
Apply Changes
To apply and save your icon to the Rich Content Editor, click the Apply button. 
View Unsaved Changes Warning
If you navigate away from the icon maker before applying your icon, Canvas generates a message warning that you have unsaved icon on the page.