How do I view my student's Learning Mastery scores in the Grades page as an observer
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Learning Mastery Link
On the Grades page, click the Learning Mastery link.
View Outcomes Overview
In the Learning Mastery tab, you can view overall details about the outcomes available in your student'scourse. Grades will show you the name of each outcome group, as well as the outcome summary. The outcome summary displays the number of outcomes your student has mastered on the left, while the the total number of outcomes within the group are shown on the right. 
Click the down arrow or the name of the outcome group to expand the overall achievement for the entire outcome group.
Click the Print Grades button to print your outcomes results.
Expand Outcome Group
You can expand each outcome to view all outcomes within the group. You can use the expand and collapse icons to expand and collapse all outcome groups at once. You can also expand outcome groups individually by clicking the name of an outcome group or the down arrow.
View Outcomes
When an outcome group is expanded, each outcome is displayed with the outcome name. To view more information about an outcome, hover over the information icon. 
Each outcome also displays an icon indicating mastery.
To view information about outcome alignments, click the arrow icon.
View Outcome Information
The information window displays the assessment of the outcome.
You can view the date for the most recent assessment of the outcome and the assessed mastery level. 
You can also view the calculation method for the outcome and an example of the calculation method. 
View Alignments
Alignments are the assignments and other Canvas items that are linked to an outcome. These alignments show what course assignments you participated in to earn your score. Not all items may be aligned to an outcome. 
To view alignments for an outcome, click the arrow icon.
Each outcome displays a link for each aligned item, as well as your student's assessed mastery level for each aligned item. 
Change Gradebook
To view the standard Assignments grades page for your student's course, click the Assignments link. You can toggle between assignments and outcome scores at any time.
If you are observing a student in more than one course, you can view grades by selecting another course name in the grades course drop-down menu.