How do I create a Numeric question in New Quizzes as an instructor
Add Question
To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.
Add Numeric Question
Click the Add Numeric button.
Add Question Title and Stem
In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.
In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor to format and add content to your question stem.
Select Requirement
To select a requirement for the answer, select an option from the Requirement drop-down menu. You can select Exact Response, Margin of Error, Within a Range, or Precise Response.
To add additional answers, click the Add Possible Answer link.
Select Exact Response
To add an exact response answer, select the Exact Response option. Enter an answer by typing the answer in the Answer field or using the arrows. Exact response answers can be added in scientific notation (accepted format: 1.234*10^5).
Students responses will be marked correct if they match the answer exactly. 
Note: The Range fields only accept numbers, periods, commas, asterisks, and carets. 
Select Margin of Error
To add a margin of error answer, select the Margin of Error option. Enter the answer in the Answer field. Then add the margin in the Margin field and select the margin type in the Margin Type drop-down menu. You can select percentage or absolute margin type. Margin of error fields do not accept entries written in scientific notation. 
Student answers will be marked correct if they fall within the margin above or below the answer. 
Note: The Answer and Margin fields only accept numbers, periods, and commas.
Select Within a Range
To add an answer that must fall within a specific range, select the Within a Range option. Then select the range start and range end for the answer. Range inputs can be in scientific notation (accepted format: 1.234*10^5).
Student responses will be marked correct if they are greater than or equal to the range start and less than or equal to the range end.
Note: The Range fields only accept numbers, periods, commas, asterisks, and carets. 
Select Precise Response
To add an answer with a precise requirement, select the Precise Response option. Then select the answer, precision value, and precision type. The options for precision type are significant digits and decimal places. Precise response fields do not accept entries written in scientific notation. 
Student responses will be marked as correct if they match the answer to the given number of significant digits or decimal places.
Note: The Answer field only accept numbers, periods, and commas. The Precision field only accepts whole numbers greater than 1.
Enable On-Screen Calculator
To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox. 
If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator or scientific calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Note: The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
Align to Outcome
To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.
Add to Item Bank
To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.
Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.
Add Point Value and Feedback
To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.
To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.
Save Question
To save the question, click the Done button.