How do I edit my profile in my user account as an instructor
Open Profile
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Profile link.
Edit Profile
Click the Edit Profile button.
Note: If you can't edit your profile or communication channels, it's been disabled by your institution.
Edit Profile Picture
To add a profile picture, click the profile picture icon. You can add a profile picture by uploading a file, taking a picture, or uploading a Gravatar image.
Note: Profile pictures are a separate permission from profiles. If you do not see a placeholder picture, your institution has not enabled this feature.
Edit Name and Title
If you are allowed to change your name, type your name in the name field. 
If enabled by your admin, you can add a name pronunciation to your profile. To add a pronunciation, type your pronunciation in the name pronunciation field.
Type your title in the title field.
Add Contact Methods
If you have connected to any web services, click the checkbox underneath the web service to indicate how you wish to be contacted via that service. To add additional services, click the Manage Registered Services link. Please note that any selected services will not be shared with other course/group members unless you have previously selected the sharing checkbox in the Manage Registered Services page.
The Discussion icon automatically appears as a contact method for Admins so users can contact them through Canvas Conversations. It cannot be selected by any other users.
Note: As created in your user profile, email addresses do not appear as a contact method and are only used for Canvas notifications. Canvas users should contact each other via Conversations.
Edit Bio
Type your biography in the bio field. You can add hobbies and interesting facts about yourself.
Edit Links
To add personal links to your profile, such as personal websites, blogs, or portfolios, enter the title of the link in the title field. Type the URL in the URL field. Click the remove icon to delete the link. Click the Add another link button to add another link.
Save Profile
Click the Save Profile button.