How do I enter and edit grades in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Locate Student Assignment
Locate the student name and assignment where you want to enter a grade.
Enter Grade
Grades are entered according to the assignment's Display Grade setting. Grades can be entered as one of five options: points, complete/incomplete, letter grade, percentage, and GPA. You can change the assignment to display grades for a specific grading type.
Note: When you reach the end of a column, pressing the Return or Enter key advances to the top of the next column.
Enter Points Grade
To enter a points grade, enter the number of points in the cell and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard). 
Enter Complete or Incomplete Grade
To enter a complete or incomplete grade, click the drop-down menu in the cell and select the desired icon. Grading options include complete, incomplete, ungraded, and excused.
Enter Letter Grade
Click the drop-down menu and select a letter grade from the menu.
You can also manually enter a letter grade. Enter the letter which corresponds to the letter scale defined by the grading scheme and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard).
View Letter Grade Validation Error
If you enter a letter grade that is not supported in the grading scheme, the cell displays an invalid grade warning icon. Canvas will also display an invalid grade warning message.
Enter Percentage Grade
To enter a percentage grade, enter the percent in the cell and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard). 
Enter GPA Grade
To enter a GPA grade, click the drop-down menu and select the desired grade from the menu.
You can also enter the number which corresponds to the GPA scale defined by the grading scheme and press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard).
View GPA Grade Validation Error
If you enter a letter grade that is not supported in the grading scheme, the cell displays an invalid grade warning icon. Canvas will also display an invalid grade warning message.
Edit Grade
To edit an existing grade in the Gradebook, click the assignment cell for the grade. 
To assign a new grade, enter the new grade. To delete the grade, click the Delete key. 
To apply the edited grade, press the Return key (on a Mac keyboard) or the Enter key (on a PC keyboard). 
Enter Grade via Grade Detail Tray
Grades can also be entered in the Grade Detail Tray according to the assignment's display grade setting. To open the tray, click an assignment cell for a student and click the Grade Detail Tray icon. In the Grade field, enter the grade for the student.
To advance to the next student, click the arrow icon. 
View Excessive Points Alert
If an excessive amount of points is added to a student's grade, Canvas will generate an alert notifying that the student was awarded an unusually high grade. You can either keep or correct the point value.
Excessive points can occur in the following situations:
The amount entered is 50% above the total points possible
An extra digit is entered (e.g. 500 instead of 50)
An assignment is given negative points