How do I manage notifications for a single course as an instructor
Open Notifications
In Global Navigation, click the Account link, then click the Notifications link.
Open Course Notification Settings
You can manage notification settings for your Canvas account and/or for individual courses. 
To manage notification settings for an individual course, click the Settings for drop-down menu. Then click the course name.
Open Notifications from Course Home Page
Alternatively, you can access course notifications from the Course Home Page by clicking the View Course Notifications button. 
View Course Notification Settings
A banner displays stating course-level notification settings apply override any account-level notifications you may have set. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon. 
A banner displays noting when daily and weekly messages are delivered. To dismiss the message, click the Close icon.
To enable or disable all notifications for the course, click the Enable Notifications toggle.
View the course-level notification types and your listed contact methods.
Each notification has a default delivery frequency setting. To view the current notification delivery frequency for a notification type and contact method, hover over the notification icon.
Manage Individual Notifications
To manage notification frequency for a course notification, locate the notification and contact method. Then click the notification icon. You can select one of four delivery frequency types:
Notify immediately: receive these notifications right away for this course. These notifications may be delayed by up to one hour in case an instructor makes additional changes, which prevents you from being spammed by multiple notifications in a short amount of time.
Daily summary: receive a daily summary for this notification type.
Weekly summary: receive a weekly summary for this notification type.
Notifications off: no notifications sent for this notification type.
View Course Notifications Status
You can view your course notification status on your course home page. The View Course Notifications button icon displays if course notifications are enabled or disabled.