How do I use Files as an observer
View Files
The basic functionality within Files is the same within each files location, but some features may differ according to feature area.
The left panel shows all folders for quick navigation. Some folders may be housed within other folders. To expand all folders, click the arrows next to the folder name.
When you click the name of a folder, all contents within the folder you are viewing display in the right panel. You can also click folder names in the right panel to view folder content.
For each file, you can view the name of the file, the date the file was created, the date the file was modified, the name of the person who modified the file (if modified by another user), and the size of the file.
You can also view the published status for your user files.
Files are sorted alphabetically. To sort files, click the name of any column heading. 
Manage Files
Depending on the file area, files may contain several options to manage files:
Search for files. Files is fully searchable by file name.
Add a new folder to Files to store files. Folders can also house other folders.
Upload a file to Files.
Change the state of the file. Files can be published, unpublished, or include a restricted status.
Manage Selected Files
To select a file, click the name of the file. You can also select multiple files at the same time by holding the command (Mac) or control (PC) key.When a file is selected, Files displays the file toolbar at the top of the window. Depending on the files area, the toolbar may contain several options to manage the selected file(s):
Preview the file
Restrict access to the file
Download the file (when selecting more than one file, option appears to download as a zip file)
Move the file
Delete the file
You can also manage some or all options for a selected file within the file's Options menu.
View Usage Rights
Course Files may display a column for usage rights. If enabled, the column displays the usage right (copyright) for the file. Files that do not contain a usage right display as a warning icon.