How do I use Discussions Redesign as a student
Open Discussions
To view class discussions, click the Discussions link in Course Navigation.
Open Discussion
Click the name of a discussion.
View Discussion
A discussion displayed in the Discussions Redesign interface includes three sections: the discussion toolbar, discussion topic, and discussion replies.
View Discussion Toolbar
The discussion toolbar remains at the top of the discussion topic when you are viewing discussion replies.
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the All drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies. 
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button. 
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the Inline button.
View Anonymous Discussion Message
If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, a message displays noting that your name and profile picture will be hidden from other course members.
View Discussion Topic
The discussion topic section includes important information about the discussion, including the discussion title and description.
You can also view the name of the author, user role labels for TAs and Teacher (Instructor) roles the date and time the discussion was published, due date, the number of points possible, and number of replies.
Note: If the discussion is an anonymous discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. Posts created by the instructor display the instructor's name and profile picture. 
View Discussion Options
To view the Options menu for a discussion, click the Options icon.
To mark all replies as read, click the Mark All as Read link. To view the discussion rubric, click the Show Rubric link.
Note: If the Show Rubric link does not display in the Options menu, a rubric has not been added to the discussion by your instructor.
View Discussion Replies
Discussion replies display below the discussion topic. Learn how to view and sort discussion replies and report discussion replies.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, quote the reply, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
View Discussion with Required Replies
If you are unable view responses from other students, you may be required to make a reply before you can view them. Once you reply to the discussion, any other replies will be visible.
View Group Discussion
If a discussion is a group discussion, you will be directed to Discussions in your group.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing discussion topics or replies, you will enter and edit your content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor allows you to format text, link text to course or external content, insert media, and attach files. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor.