How do I access the Rich Content Editor as an instructor
Announcements
In Announcements, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing an announcement.
To create an announcement, click the Add Announcement button.
To edit an announcement, click the announcement title then click the Edit button.
Assignments
In Assignments, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing an assignment.
To create an assignment, click the Add Assignment button.
To edit an assignment, click the assignment's Options icon and click the Edit option.
Discussions
In Discussions, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing a discussion.
To create a discussion, click the Add Discussion button.
To edit a discussion, click the discussion title then click the Edit button.
Pages
In Pages, you can access the Rich Content Editor by creating or editing a page. To view all pages in a course, click the View All Pages button.
To create a new page, click the Add Page button. To edit a page, click the page's Options icon and click the Edit option.
Classic Quizzes
Quiz Description
In Classic Quizzes, you can use the Rich Content Editor to edit the quiz description or quiz questions.
You can access the Rich Content Editor to edit a quiz description when adding a new quiz or editing a quiz.
To add a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button. To edit a quiz, click the quiz's Options icon and select the Edit option.
Quiz Questions
To use the Rich Content Editor to edit a question, click the Questions tab. Then click the Edit icon for the question you want to edit.
New Quizzes
Build Quiz
In New Quizzes, you can use the Rich Content Editor to edit the quiz description or quiz questions.
You can access the Rich Content Editor to edit a quiz description when adding a new quiz or editing a quiz.
To add a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button. To edit a quiz, click the quiz's Options icon and select the Build option.
Quiz Question
To use the Rich Content Editor to edit a question, click the Edit icon for the question you want to edit.
Syllabus
In the Syllabus, you can use the Rich Content Editor to edit your course syllabus. To edit the syllabus, click the Edit button.
View Rich Content Editor
View the Rich Content Editor.
Learn how to add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor.