How do I set up Canvas Data 2 with an API client (Postman) as an admin
Use Canvas Data 2 API Resources
View Canvas Data 2 Usage Workflow resource document
API specification and schema
Step by step video with Postman
Example with Postman using a Client ID and Client Secret pair for authorization: collection and environment file
Notes: 
The Postman reference solutions are examples and were created to demonstrate and make it easier to quick start and try out the API flow. We are not committing to maintain it for this community. You can use any API client of your choice.
If you are using Postman client then it is good to know that if you download the OpenAPI spec, it can be directly imported into Postman (and most probably other API clients have similar features).
Generate Client ID and Secret
Before using Postman, you need to generate a Client ID and Secret for Canvas Data 2.
Import Collection File
In Postman, click the Collections link and then click the Import button. 
Download and import the Postman Collection file.
Upload Collection File
Click the Upload Files button.
Locate the collection file and click the Open button.
Import Postman Collection File
Click the Import button.
View Collection
View the collection file.
Import Environment File
In Postman, click the Environments link and then click the Import button. 
Download and import the Postman Environment file.
Upload Files
Click the Upload Files button.
Locate the collection file and click the Open button.
Import Postman Environment File
Click the Import button.
View Environment
View the environment.
In the CLIENT_ID field and CLIENT_SECRET field, add the Client ID and Secret generated in Identity Services. 
To save the collection, click the Save icon.
View Additional Resources
Entity relationship visualiser
PostgSQL schema or MySQL schema: meant to capture the database structure of data queried with DAP API. One can populate this structure by feeding TSV or CSV data with COPY, good for inserting both snapshots and incremental updates.