How do I move a Classic Quizzes question bank into a New Quizzes item bank as an instructor
Create Quiz in Classic Quizzes
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Classic Quizzes
Click the Classic Quizzes option. Then click the Submit button.
Edit Quiz Details
In the Details tab, enter the name of the quiz. You may want to use a name related to your Question Bank. In the Rich Content Editor, provide a description.
To avoid adding this quiz to your Gradebook, click the Quiz Type drop-down menu and select the Practice Quiz option.
Complete the remaining quiz sections.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button.
Edit Quiz
In the Classic Quiz you created, click the Edit button.
Add Questions
Click the Questions tab. Click the Find Questions button.
Add Question Bank Questions
Click the question bank whose items you want to migrate. 
Select the checkboxes of questions to migrate, or, to select all the questions, click the Select All link.
Click the Add Questions button.
Save Quiz
Click the Save button.
Export Classic Quiz
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Export Course Content
In the sidebar, click the Export Course Content button.
Choose Export Type
In the Export Type section, click the Quiz radio button. 
Click the checkboxes of the quiz or quizzes you want to export.
Click the Create Export button.
Note: When you create an export, Canvas creates an export archive where you can download previously exported files. 
View Quiz Export
When the export is complete, download the ZIP file by clicking the New Export link.
Note: Content exports expire after 30 days and can no longer be downloaded.
Create New Quizzes Item Bank
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Add Item Bank
Click the Add Bank button.
Name Item Bank
In the Bank Name field, enter the name of the item bank. You can share the new item bank to the current course by clicking the Share checkbox. To save your bank, click the Create Bank button.
Open Item Bank
Click the new item bank link.
Import Classic Quiz Export to New Quizzes Item Bank
Import Content
Click the Options icon then select the Import Content option.
Note: To select the Import Content option, the item bank must not contain any questions yet.
Select Export File
Drag and drop the exported ZIP file or select the file by clicking the Browse button.
To start the import, click the Import button.
View Import Status
A status bar displays the status of the import.
When the import is complete, a success message displays. To clear the message, click the Done button.
Manage Item Bank Questions
When the import is complete, you can view the imported questions in your item bank. 
You can learn more about managing item banks.
View Question Details
To view complete question details, click the Open icon. Question details include answer choices as well as the date and time the question was last updated.
To close question details, click the Close icon.