How do I reset my Canvas password
Email Errors
If you enter your email address and never get a password reset email, review the following password tips.
Have you typed your email address correctly? Sometimes email addresses can be misspelled. Email addresses need to be entered exactly as they were registered.
Are you accessing the correct Canvas URL? You will not get the reset email if you are trying to reset your password on a site where you are not enrolled (such as canvas.instructure.com instead of myinstitution.instructure.com).
Is your Canvas email sponsored by your institution? If your email address is part of a campus firewall system that blocks emails from mass senders, you won't be able to receive the email. Contact your institution's IT department for assistance.
Are you the owner of your email address? If your email address is owned by someone else and you can't receive email for that address, you won't be able to get the reset email. Contact the owner of the email address for assistance.
Reset Password
In a new browser window, open to your Canvas login page. Click the Forgot Password? link.
Note: If your login screen does not show the password reset link, contact your institution for assistance.
Request Password
Enter the login information associated with your Canvas account and click the Request Password button.
Note: The password reset field verifies password reset information by user login. Depending on your institution, login information may vary. 
View Password Recovery Notification
A notification displays stating that it may take up to 30 minutes to send password recovery instructions to your email and you may need to check your Spam folder to locate the email. 
Check Email
Return to your email account and sign in. Open the Forgot Password email.
If your user login is associated with multiple email addresses, password reset instructions will be sent to each address.
Note: If the Forgot Password email is not in your Inbox, check your Spam folder.
Open Password Link
Click the Click here to set a new password link.
Change Password
Type in a new password and then confirm that password by typing it again. Click the Update Password button.
Log in to Canvas
Log in to Canvas with your login credential and new password.
If you are using Canvas with an institution, you will log in either from your institution's webpage or by using their direct Canvas URL. You can search for your Canvas URL by using the lookup tool on the Instructure website or from the Free-for-Teacher login page.