How do I sign up for a Scheduler appointment in the Calendar as an observer
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Find Appointment
In the Calendar sidebar, click the Find Appointment button.
Notes: 
The Scheduler tool is an optional feature that must be enabled by your student's institution. If you do not see the Find Appointment button, your institution has not enabled this feature.
When an instructor or TA creates an appointment group for an entire course, all course section users can view the appointment group. However, if an appointment group is made for a specific section or is added by a section-restricted instructor or TA, only users in that section can view the appointment group.
Select Course
If a course includes an appointment, the name of the course displays in the Course drop-down menu. Select the course where you want to look for an appointment, then click the Submit button.
View Appointments
View the appointments available for the course. Faded time slots indicate the time slot has been reserved.
Reserve Appointment
In the calendar, click the time slot you want to reserve. In the appointment window, you can view the appointment time, calendar, and details. If you want to leave any comments for your student's instructor, you can type them in the Comments field.
To sign up for the time slot, click the Reserve link.
View Updated Appointments
Once you have reserved a time slot, the time slot fades in the calendar.
If you want to choose another time slot instead, click the new time slot and repeat the reservation process.
Confirm New Appointment
If you choose another time slot, the Calendar confirms you already have a reserved appointment. If you want to reschedule with the new appointment time, click the Reschedule button. However, if you want to keep your original appointment, click the Do Nothing button.
Close Appointments
When you are finished with course reservations, click the Close button.
View Calendar
View the appointment added to your course calendar.
Change Appointment
View the appointment added to your course calendar.
Unreserve Appointment
To completely cancel your appointment, click the appointment time and click the Un-reserve link. 
Delete Reservation
Click the Delete button.