How do I view annotation feedback comments from my instructor directly in my assignment submission as a student
00:00:How do I view annotation feedback comments from my instructor directly in my assignments submission?
00:06:In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
00:10:Click the title of an assignment.
00:13:Click the View Feedback link. The View Feedback link displays an indicator if annotated comments have been added to a supported assignment.
00:22:View the annotated comments from your instructor.
00:25:To reply to a comment, click on the comment and click the Reply button.
00:30:When an annotated comment includes multiple content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link.
00:37:To expand a comment, click the ellipses link. To view stacked replies, click the comment to expand all replies.
00:45:To view comments in an expanded view, click the Full Screen icon. You can also use DocViewer to make your own annotations on your assignment.
00:54:To download a PDF of the submission and annotations, click the Download icon.
01:00:This guide covered how to view annotation feedback comments from the instructor directly in a assignment submission.
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
View Assignment Details
Click the title of an assignment. 
View Feedback
Click the View Feedback link. The View Feedback link displays an indicator if annotated comments have been added to a supported assignment.
Notes: 
If the assignment attachment displays a Preview button, your file is not DocViewer compatible.
If your assignment looks different than what is displayed in this lesson, your instructor may be using Assignment Enhancement in your course. Learn how to find feedback from your instructor in Assignment Enhancements.
View Annotated Comments
View the annotated comments from your instructor.
To reply to a comment, click on the comment and click the Reply button.
When an annotated comment includes multiple content lines, the content box displays an ellipses link. To expand a comment, click the ellipses link.
To view stacked replies, click the comment to expand all replies.
To view comments in an expanded view, click the Full Screen icon.
You can also use DocViewer to make your annotations on your assignment.
Download File
To download a PDF of the submission and annotations, click the Download icon. 