How do I view all my Canvas courses as an instructor
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
View Courses
Courses are organized into All Courses, Past Enrollments, Future Enrollments, and Groups.
Courses can be sorted by Favorite status, Name, Nickname, Term, enrollment status, and Published status by clicking the Sort icon in the header. Groups are sorted alphabetically by group name.
If allowed by your institution, you can view the institution's public course index in a catalog format by clicking the Browse More Courses button.
View All Courses
All Courses are courses that are part of the current semester or term. However, depending on access settings for a course, My Courses can also display courses that have not yet started or are unpublished.
Courses that are available to you are listed in blue text. These courses have been published and include a link to the course. To open a course, click the name of the course. 
You can also view any nicknames you have created for courses. 
If a course includes a term date, the term date displays.
Each course includes your course role. Roles can be student, teacher, TA, observer, designer, or a custom role as created by your institution. 
The published status for each course displays in the Published column. Unpublished courses display a gray background. The gray background does not display for unpublished courses in past or future enrollments.
In the All Courses section, you can customize the courses list and mark courses as favorites. Favorite courses display in the Card View Dashboard.
You can change the order that courses are listed by clicking the Sort icon in the header. The column currently used for sorting displays either the ascending or descending icon to indicate the sort order.
View Past Enrollments
Courses under the Past Enrollments heading are courses that have concluded but are still available as a read-only archived course. Prior users can view course material and grades but cannot submit any assignments. 
Note: Some institutions may not allow past enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Future Enrollments
Future Enrollments are courses that will be made available as part of an upcoming term or specific course start date. 
Future courses may be published or unpublished. However, some institutions may restrict instructors from accessing courses before the term begins. If a future course does not include a link, the course cannot be viewed until the term start date. 
If a future course does include a link, you can access the course before the term start date. 
Note: Some institutions may not allow future enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Groups
If you are enrolled in groups, the Groups section displays any groups within your current courses. You can view all your groups in your groups list.
To view a group home page, click the group name link.
Find Course ID
You can locate your Course ID number at the end of your course URL (e.g., canvas.instructure.com/courses/XXXXXX).