How do I upload custom JavaScript and CSS files to an account as an admin
Open Account
In Global Navigation, click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Themes
In Account Navigation, click the Themes link. 
Note: If sub-account themes have been enabled, each sub-account also includes a Themes link. To open the Theme Editor for a sub-account, click the Sub-Accounts link to locate and open the sub-account, then click the sub-account's Themes link.
Open Theme Template
If you do not yet have a Canvas theme for your account, use a template to create a new theme. You can choose from the Default Canvas template, a minimalist template, and a State U. template. If your Customer Success Manager has enabled the K12-specific feature setting, the K12 Theme also appears as a template.
To create a new theme, hover over a template and click the Open in Theme Editor button, or click the Add Theme button and select a template from the list.
Open Saved Theme
If you previously created and saved a theme, you can edit saved themes at any time. Saved themes display in the My Themes section. To open a saved theme, hover over the name of the theme and click the Open in Theme Editor button.
To create a new theme based on a saved theme, click the Add Theme button and select the name of the saved theme from the list. This option helps you avoid overwriting your previously saved theme.
Open Upload Tab
In the Theme Editor sidebar, click the Upload tab.
Upload Custom Files
To upload files for the Canvas desktop application, locate the CSS file/JavaScript file headings. To upload files for user content in Canvas mobile and third-party apps, locate the Mobile app CSS file/JavaScript file headings. 
Locate the file type you want to upload and click the Select button, then locate the file on your computer. 
Locate additional files for upload, if required.
Preview Theme
To preview your theme, click the Preview Your Changes button.
Canvas will generate the preview of the components based on your uploaded files.
Manage Files
To manage your files, click the Upload tab again.
To remove and upload a new file, click the Remove icon. You can make additional changes and upload your revised file.
To view the code for your file, click the View File link. As the file is stored directly in Canvas, use this link if you ever need to download the file. 
Save Theme
Once you are satisfied with your template changes, save your theme by clicking the Save Theme button. 
Create Theme Name
If you modified a theme from a template, the Theme Editor creates a copy of the theme. Templates cannot be edited directly. In the Theme Name field, enter a name for your theme. Click the Save Theme button.
Note: If you edited a previously saved theme, saving the theme overwrites the previous version of the theme and uses the same theme name.
Apply Theme
To apply your theme to your account, click the Apply theme button. 
To exit the theme and return to the Themes page, click the Exit button. You can open the theme and apply it to your account at any time. 
Note: If your account allows sub-accounts to customize their own themes, any applicable changes you made will also filter down to any associated sub-accounts. Canvas shows the status of your Theme Editor updates; when the process for each sub-account is complete, the sub-account disappears from the progress window. When all sub-accounts have been updated, the Theme Editor redirects back to the Themes page.