How do I import Thin Common Cartridge files as separate modules as an instructor
Open Settings
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link.
Import Content into Course
Click the Import Course Content link.
Select Content Type
In the Content Type drop-down menu, select the Common Cartridge 1.x Package option. Complete any additional fields required for the content. 
Select Specific Content
In the Content section, click the Select specific content radio button. 
View Content Import Warning Message
When importing content, a message displays explaining that importing the same course content or export package more than once overwrites any existing content in the course.
Import Content
Click the Import button. 
A progress indicator displays the upload status by percentage.
Select Content
In the Current Jobs section, click the Select Content button.
View Content
Thin Common Cartridge files are shown as one module. Click the Modules expand icon.
Select All Group Content
Locate the content by expanding the nested structure. Content groups show the number of items within the group. 
If you want to import an entire content group, select the checkbox next to the group.
Select Module Import Option
Like other course import types, selecting a content group selects all items within the module group. However, Thin Common Cartridge content is always imported as one module, which can be extremely cumbersome in a Canvas course. 
By default, content is imported as one module. If you would rather import content as separate modules, click the Import sub-modules separately radio button. 
Note: If you want to import several content groups as separate modules, module settings are applied on a per-content-group basis, meaning you must fully expand each content group and specify the separate modules option. Otherwise, all selected content in the hierarchy will always be imported as one module.
Select Specific Group Content
To import only a few items from a content group, select the specific items to be imported. Canvas places a dash in the content group checkbox, indicating not all items are selected within the group. 
Selecting individual content items automatically imports content as separate modules.
Select Content
Click the Select Content button.
View Current Jobs
The Current Jobs section displays the status of your import. The import displays progress bar indicating the time remaining to complete the import. 
The import may also display errors as part of the import status. Learn more about course import statuses.
When the course has completed, view modules content by accessing the Modules link in Course Navigation. 
View Modules
View the modules content in your course, either as one module or separate modules. 