How do I share an item bank in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Item Banks
In Course Navigation, click the Item Banks link.
Share Item Bank
Locate the item bank you want to share, then click the Share icon.
Share With Users
Enter the name of the user you want to share the item bank with in the Share With field. Then click the name of the user. You can add multiple users in the Share With field.
To set access rights for the item bank, click the Access drop-down menu. You can share the item bank with view access, which only allows the user you share with to view the item bank, or edit access, which allows the user you share with to view and edit the item bank.
To share the item bank with the selected course, click the Add button.
Share with Courses
Enter the name of the course you want to share the item bank with in the Share With field. Then click the name of the course. You can add multiple courses in the Share With field.
To set access rights for the item bank, click the Access drop-down menu. You can share the item bank with view access, which only allows the course you share with to view the item bank, or edit access, which allows the course you share with to view and edit the item bank.
To share the item bank with the selected course, click the Add button.
Share with Accounts
If given the permission by your institution, you can share item banks with sub-accounts.
Enter the name of the course you want to share the item bank with in the Share With field. Then click the name of the sub-account. You can add multiple sub-accounts in the Share With field.
To set access rights for the item bank, click the Access drop-down menu. You can share the item bank with view access, which only allows the sub-account you share with to view the item bank, or edit access, which allows the sub-account you share with to view and edit the item bank.
To share the item bank with the selected sub-account, click the Add button.
View Currently Shared With
View the users, courses, and accounts who can view or manage the item bank.
To edit the item bank access, click the Access drop-down.
To remove a user's access from the item bank, click the Remove icon.
Notes:
You can remove any user from an item bank, including yourself.
If you accidentally remove a user or course from an item bank, you can share with them again.
Save Changes
To save your changes and return to your item banks, click the Close button.