How do I set up the Lucid Education Suite in my course as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when creating or editing an announcement, assignment, discussion, page, quiz, or syllabus.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, click the Keyboard icon or press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously on your keyboard.
Open Lucid
When using Lucid for the first time, either to embed a Lucid document or access a Lucid submission assignment, you must verify information before Lucid can be used in your course.
To access Lucid from Rich Content Editor, click the Lucid icon.
Note:To view the Lucid icon, you may have to click the Optionsicon. If the icon still does not display, Lucid may not be enabled for your institution.
Verify Role and Age
When accessing Lucid for the first time in Canvas, you must verify information before you can use Lucid in your Canvas account.
Review your role and select if you are over 13 years of age. Then click the Next button.
Verify Age
If you select that you are under 13 years of age, a prompt displays to confirm your age. To confirm your age, enter your birth date in the Birth Date field. Then click the Next button. 
Contact Instructor
If you have confirmed that you are younger than 13, you cannot access Lucid without permission from your institution. For help accessing Lucid, reach out to your instructor.
Connect Lucid to Canvas
If you have confirmed you are over the age of 13 or have received permission to access the app from your institution, connect your Lucid account to your Canvas account by clicking the Connect button.
Log In to Lucid
If you have an existing Lucid account, click the Log in button to sign in. A new browser tab opens in which you can sign in to your account.
If you do not have a Lucid account, click the Sign up button and follow prompts to sign up for a free Lucid account.
Confirm Lucid Connection
After logging in to Lucid, your Lucid account name displays. To connect your Lucid account to your Canvas account, click the Connect to Lucid button. 
To switch to a different Lucid account, click the Switch account button. 
Note: To view this page after logging in to Lucid, you may need to refresh your Canvas browser tab.
Confirm Lucid Educational Plan
Your Lucid account is upgraded to a free educational plan. To acknowledge, click the Continue button.
Connect Canvas to Lucid
To complete the connection between your Canvas and Lucid accounts, click the Get Started button.
Grant Account Access
A new browser tab displays. After reviewing the request for access, click the Grant Access button.
View Lucid in Canvas
Once your Lucid and Canvas accounts have been connected, you can view existing Lucid documents and search existing documents.
To create a new Lucidchart document or new Lucidspark board, click the Add New button.
Learn more about Lucidchart and Lucidspark.