How do I manage settings for a quiz in New Quizzes as an instructor
Open Quiz
To manage settings for a quiz, find the quiz you want to open.
To open the Build page, click the Options icon and then click the Build link.
To create a new quiz, click the Add Quiz button.
Open Settings
Click the Settings tab.
View Warning Message
If students have already submitted the quiz, a warning message will appear on the Delivery Settings page.
Shuffle Questions
To shuffle the order questions are displayed to students, click the Shuffle Questions button. If this setting is turned off, questions will display in the order you designate in the quiz.
Note: Item bank questions that have been added in a group will continue to be randomized within that group whether this setting is turned on or off.
Shuffle Answers
To shuffle the order answers are displayed to students for multiple choice, multiple answer, and matching quiz questions, click the Shuffle Answers button. If this setting is turned off, answers will display in the order you designate in the quiz questions.
Note: Shuffling answers does not guarantee the order is displayed differently to every student. Some students will receive the same answer order, depending on the number of answers for each question.
Display One Question at a Time
To display one question at a time to students, click the One Question at A Time button. To allow students to backtrack to previous questions in a quiz, click the Allow Backtracking checkbox. Allow Backtracking is enabled by default.
Require Student Access Code
To require students to enter an access code to take a quiz, click the Require a student access code button. Then enter the access code in the Password field. To view a masked access code, click the Show access code checkbox.
Set Time Limit
To set a time limit for a quiz, click the Time Limit button. Then enter the time limit using the Hours and Minutes fields.
Note: In progress quizzes automatically submit when the Availability date and time passes, even if there is time remaining.
Filter IP Addresses
To filter IP addresses for the quiz, click the Filter IP Addresses button. Then enter the allowed IP ranges using the Allowed IP range fields. To add multiple IP ranges, click the Add Allowed range link.
Allow On-Screen Calculator
To enable an on-screen calculator for the entire quiz, click the Allow Calculator button. Select either the Basic or Scientific calculator option. The Basic calculator only displays numbers and basic mathematical functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The Scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.
Allow Clearing Selection for Multiple Choice Questions
To allow students to clear a multiple choice answer, click the Allow clearing selection (Multiple Choice) button. If this setting is turned on, students can clear their answer to a multiple choice question after they've made a selection and leave the question unanswered. 
Allow Multiple Attempts
To allow multiple attempts for a quiz, click the Allow multiple attempts button. To assign which score to keep for student grades, select the option in the Score to keep drop-down menu. You can choose to keep the highest score, average score, latest score, or first score.
Note: The Late Submission Policy is not supported when using multiple attempts in New Quizzes.
Set Limited Attempts
By default, students will be allowed unlimited attempts when the Allow multiple attempts option is enabled. To set a limited number of attempts, select the Limited option. Then select the number of attempts you want to allow.
Set Waiting Period
To set a waiting period between attempts, click the Require time between attempts checkbox. Then select the days, hours, and minutes to require students to wait before they can begin a new attempt.
Build on Last Attempt
To allow students to build on their last attempt by letting them reattempt incorrectly answered questions, click the Enable build on last attempt checkbox.
Hide Student Results
To restrict students from viewing quiz results, click the Restrict student result view button. 
Note: Students can still see their quiz grades in the Gradebook when the Restrict student result view option is enabled. To completely hide grades from students, you need to enable a Manual posting policy in the Gradebook.