How do I add and duplicate an event for course sections in the Calendar as an instructor
Open Calendar
In Global Navigation, click the Calendar link.
Add Event
Make sure the checkbox of the course in which you're making an event is selected.
Click any date on the calendar to add an event. Or, click the arrows next to the month name to navigate to a different month and select a date.
If you don't want to manually locate the date, you can click the Add icon.
View More Options
Add a title and location for the event. The date and time fields are automatically populated based on the current date but do not need to be removed. 
In the Calendar drop-down menu, select the course calendar for the event. 
To add different dates for each section, click the More Options button.
Use a Different Date
Click the Use a different date for each section checkbox.
Set Section Dates
The default date is removed and replaced with all the sections in your course. 
For each section, type in a date, or select a date by clicking the Calendar icon, and specify the start and end time. If you don't want one section to see the event, leave the date and time fields blank.
Note: When the Use a different date for each section checkbox is selected, the Frequency drop-down menu is removed.
Duplicate Event
Click the Duplicate checkbox.
Note: If you cannot see the checkbox, you selected the wrong course calendar when creating the new event.
Add Duplicate Details
By default, events are set to repeat every week.
If you want to change the repeating event to daily or monthly, click the Week(s) drop-down menu and select your preferred time range. You may also have to change the number that precedes the time period.
By default, events are set to create one occurrence, meaning it will create the initial event plus one additional (two total events). If you want to change the number of additional occurrences, enter the number in the text field. The calendar event supports up to 200 additional occurrences.
If you want to automatically add a number to the end of each event title (such as Event 1, Event 2, etc.), click the Count checkbox.
Create Event
Click the Create Event button.
View Events
View the events in your course calendar.
Remember, once created, duplicate events are not linked together and are independent events. Therefore, if you need to modify an event, each event has to be edited individually.