How do I submit an online assignment in a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Note: You can also access your Assignments through your user or course dashboard, the Syllabus, Gradebook, Calendar, or Modules.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
The following submission types are accepted using Assignment Enhancements: Text Entry, Website URL, Media, Annotation, File Upload, and external application. However, your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
Select a submission type from the Choose a submission type section.
If your instructor only allows one submission type, the Choose a submission type section does not display.
Submit Text Entry
To submit a text entry assignment, enter text in the Rich Content Editor.
Once added, your text will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
Submit Website URL
To submit a website URL, add the URL to the Website Url field. 
Once added, your website URL will be saved as an assignment submission draft. 
Submit Media Recording
To submit a media recording, click the Record/Upload button. 
Submit Annotation
To submit an annotated document, click the Annotation button.
Note: Group assignments do not support the student annotation submission type.
Submit File Upload
To upload a file as your submission, click the Upload button
To upload a file from your computer, drag and drop a file, or browse your computer files by clicking the Choose a file to upload link.
To capture a photo of your assignment using your computer's webcam, click the Webcam button. 
To upload a file from your Canvas user files, click the Canvas Files button.
Once uploaded, your file will be saved as an assignment submission draft.
Submit Course App File
If added to your course, you may see options to upload a file from a course app such as Google Drive or Office 365. 
To upload a file or URL from a course app, click the More button. Then click the app name. 
Once added, your file will be saved as an assignment submission draft.
Submit Assignment
When you are ready to submit your assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission your assignment attempt by clicking the Cancel Attempt button. 
Note: If you added a text entry submission, you must save the submission draft before you can submit the assignment.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If your assignment is part of a module, you can view the previous module item by clicking the Previous button and the next module item by clicking the Next button. 
If you're not able to resubmit work, your instructor may have limited the number of allowed submissions or the assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.