How do I use the Field Admin Console as an admin
View Field Admin Console
The Field Admin Console opens to the home page. You can use the buttons displayed in the home page to view the Canvas Admin Guide, Canvas release notes, idea conversations, known issues, and product blogs.
The Home page also displays outstanding knowledge base (KB) update requests in the KB Update Requests list.
To search the interface, enter your search terms in the field and click the Search button.
To view the Canvas Guides, click the Canvas Guides link.
Open User Menu
To open your User Menu, click your username.
View User Menu
From the User Menu, you can:
Return to the home page
View your profile
Manage settings
View your account
Create a new case
Logout of the console
View Profile
From your profile, you can view and edit profile information, including name, email, title, department, and contact information. To edit your profile, click the Edit button.
To edit your profile picture, click the Photo icon.
View Settings
From the Settings page, you can manage your password, language, timezone, locale and profile visibility.
To change your password, click the Change Password link.
To change your language, click the Language field. To change your timezone, click the Timezone field. To change your locale, click the Locale field.
In the Profile Visibility settings, you can manage who is able to see the information on your profile page. To customize visibility, click the drop-down menu that corresponds to your profile information. Then select if the information is public, restricted to users who are logged in, or limited to members who created an account.
View Chat
If your institution has Tier 1 or 24x7 support, you may be able to chat with a Canvas Support agent from the home page.
To open the chat window, click the Canvas Support button.
Then enter your name, email, and the chat subject. To begin your chat, click the Start Chatting button.
View Cases
To view your cases, click the Cases tab. From the Cases page, you can manage cases in your account.
To view an individual case, click the case number.
View Macros
To view your account macros, click the Macros tab. Macros allow field admins to create a list of changes that can be applied to cases in a single click.
To create a new macro, click the New button. To print your macros, click the Printable View button.
View Accounts
To view your accounts, click the Accounts tab. By default, the Accounts page will display all accounts that you are authorized to view. To filter the accounts that display on the page, click the Filter icon. To pin an account filter as the default view, click the Pin icon.
To view information for an account, click the name of the account.
View My Account Instances
To view your account instances, click the My Account Instances tab. By default, the My Account Instances page displays all account instances you are authorized to view. 
To view information for an instance, click the instance name.
View Customer KBs
To view customer KBs for your accounts, click the Customer KB tab.
View Case Dashboard
To view your Case Dashboard, click the Case Dashboard tab.
From the Case Dashboard, you can view donut charts for case origin, case role, escalated level, case drivers, Canvas component affected, and non Canvas cases.
To view detailed reports for a dashboard item, click the View Report link.
To learn more about options available for the Canvas Components fields, view the Canvas Component resource document.
View Reports 
To view case reports in a list view, click the Reports tab.
To view a report, click the name of the report.