How do I upload and embed a media file from my computer in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Upload Image by Drag and Drop
You can upload and embed media by dragging and dropping a media file saved to your computer.
Note: You can upload and embed multiple media files by dragging and dropping the files saved to your computer
Upload Image by Copy and Paste
You can upload and embed an image by copying and pasting it. To copy an image to your clipboard, right-click the image and select Copy. You can paste it by right-clicking into the Rich Text Editor and selecting Paste or using the keyboard shortcut CTRL+V on a PC or Command+V on a Mac.
Record Media from Toolbar
To upload media from the toolbar, click the Media icon. From the dropdown menu, select the Upload/Record Media option.
To view the Media icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Note: If the Media icon does not display in the toolbar, media uploads have been disabled by your institution.
Record Media from Menubar
Alternatively, you can open the media recorder from the menubar. Click the Insert icon. Navigate to view the Media options, and select the Record/Upload Media option. 
Upload Media from Computer
By default, the Media Upload Tool displays the Computer tab. Click or drag and drop a media file to media uploader to upload a file from your computer. 
Select File
Select the media file and click the Open button.
View Selected File
The uploader displays a file preview. 
The uploader also displays the media file name. To change the file name, type a new file name in the media file name field. The name of the file also acts as the alt text for the media file.
To remove the file, click the Delete icon.
To add a caption file, click the Add CC/Subtitles checkbox.
Submit Media File Upload
To upload your selected media file, click the Submit button.
Note: The file will flash before it embeds in the Rich Content Editor. 
View Embedded Media
View your uploaded media file in the Rich Content Editor.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content created in the Rich Content Editor.