How do I link course content to a quiz question as an instructor
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Add Quiz
Click the Add Quiz button.
Select Quiz Engine
If your course has New Quizzes enabled, you must select a quiz engine.
To select New Quizzes, click the New Quizzes option.
To create a classic quiz, click the Classic Quizzes option.
Then click the Submit button.
Note: Learn more about creating a quiz using New Quizzes.
Edit Existing Quiz
Click the Options icon of the quiz you want to edit. Click the Edit link.
Add Course Content to Quiz Question
You will use the Rich Content Editor to link to content in your quiz question. If you want to add course content to your quiz question, you can access it in the content list on the sidebar. 
You can upload images and files from your desktop or link to images and files you have previously uploaded.
View Quiz Question with Image Added
The image will appear in your quiz question.
Add Images to Quiz Question
You can add course images into your quiz questions. 
To upload a course image, place your cursor where you want to embed the image. Click the Image Options arrow. Then select the Course Images option.
Note: To view the Image icon, you may have to click the Options icon.
Update Question
Click the Update Question button to see the question before it is published.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Save Quiz
Click the Save button to save your work and preview the quiz. If you edited an existing quiz, any saved changes will automatically be updated. 
Note: You should not publish your quiz until it is your final product. If you are ready to publish your quiz and make it available to students, click the Save & Publish button.
Preview and Publish Quiz
To preview the quiz, click the Preview button. If the preview shows the quiz the way you want it, click the Publish button.
Note: Although you can make changes to the quiz after it is published, students who have already opened or completed the quiz will not see any of the changes, which may affect their grades. 
Save It Now
If you exit the quiz without saving, Canvas will ask you to save your changes when you return to the quiz. To update your changes, click the Save It Now button. 
View Published Quiz Question
This is what students will see when they take the quiz. 