How do I use the To Do list and sidebar in the Dashboard as a student
Open Dashboard
In Global Navigation, click the Dashboard link.
View Sidebar Course Items
The sidebar shows various action items in all your courses. Each item is associated with a specific course. All items from all your active courses display in the sidebar—not just favorited courses in the Dashboard.
For course identification, each sidebar item displays the course code, or short name, for the course. The course code is located directly below the full course name. 
Course nicknames can be set in place of sidebar course codes that are long or otherwise confusing to remember which courses they represent. If you have created a nickname for a course, the nickname displays in the sidebar instead of the course code. However, the original course code always displays in the course card.
View Student Sections
The sidebar helps you see what you need to do next and what feedback you've received across all your courses. However, assignments that are not graded or do not require an online submission only display until the due date. 
The To Do section shows up to seven items with due dates or event dates in the upcoming weeks, including ungraded quizzes, assignments that do not require a Canvas submission, and course announcements. Each item in the To Do list displays the assignment name, the course name, the number of points, and the due date for the assignment. Once the due date has passed, items remain in this section for four weeks.
The Recent Feedback section shows assignments with feedback from your instructor or a peer during the last four weeks.
The View Grades button links to the Dashboard Grades page and displays grades for all active courses.
Manage Sidebar Items
Each section item displays an icon to differentiate between different assignment types and other items in the To Do list.
If a section contains more items than can be shown, you can view all to-do items using the Show All link. This link directs you to the List View Dashboard.
To remove a To Do item, click the remove icon. The item(s) remain removed from the list.
Note: Assignments submitted through Canvas disappear automatically from the To Do list; no-submission assignments (submitted on paper/in class) can only be removed from the list manually.
Create New Course
If allowed by your institution, you may also be able to create a new course from the Dashboard.