How do I sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student
00:00:Canvas offers a seamless way for students to sign up using a join code or secret URL. Follow these instructions to create your Canvas account effortlessly, enhancing your learning experience.
00:13:If you don't yet have an account, you can set one up for yourself without an email link. To create your account, open a browser and type canvas.instructure.com into your browser.
00:25:Click the Need a Canvas Account? link.
00:28:Click the I'm a Student button.
00:31:Complete the following Registration Fields:
00:34:Enter the course join code in the Join Code field. This code will be emailed to you by your instructor or institutionthe email is separate from your email invitation to join the course.
00:45:Enter your name in the Full Name field.
00:48:Enter your username in the Username field.
00:51:Set your password by typing in the Password field.
00:55:Confirm your password by typing your password in the Confirm Password field.
01:00:Enter your email in the Email field.
01:03:Agree to the terms of use by clicking the terms of use checkbox.
01:08:Confirm that you are not a robot by completing the Captcha form (if enabled by your institution)
01:14:Click the Start Learning button.
01:17:This guide covered how to sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student.
Enter URL
If you don't yet have an account, you can set one up for yourself without an email link. 
To create your account, open a browser and type canvas.instructure.com into your browser.
Note: You must have a join code from your instructor or institution to create your account.
Create Canvas Account
Click the Need a Canvas Account? link.
Sign Up As a Student
Click the I'm a Student button.
Complete Registration
Complete the following fields:
Enter the course join code in the Join Code field. This code will be emailed to you by your instructor or institution—the email is separate from your email invitation to join the course. 
Enter your name in the Full Name field.
Enter your username in the Username field.
Set your password by typing in the Password field.
Confirm your password by typing your password in the Confirm Password field.
Agree to the terms of use by clicking the terms of use checkbox.
Confirm that you are not a robot by completing the Captcha form (if enabled by your institution)
Click the Start Learning button. 