How do I create a Matching quiz question as an instructor
Add Question
With the Questions tab selected inside a new quiz, click the New Question button.
Set Name, Type, and Points
Quiz questions are not automatically numbered for instructors. To add a custom name to your quiz question, enter the name in the question text field. Custom names can help you identify quiz questions more easily. Regardless of the question name, students always see quiz questions in numerical order (i.e. Question 1, Question 2).
Click the drop-down menu and select the Matching question type.
Enter number of points the question is worth (quiz totals are calculated based on combined total of questions).
Note: Quiz point values support up to two decimal places. Entering more than two decimal places will round the point value to the nearest hundredth.
Enter Matching Question Details
To build a Matching question, you will need to enter the following details:
The question text (use the Rich Content Editor to include video, images, math equations, or flash activities)
The first part of the matching pair
The second part of the matching pair (displays a maximum of 100 characters)
Repeat steps 2 and 3 until all matches are paired.
Add Additional Match Answers and Possibilities 
If you want to add another answer, click the Add Another Answer link.
To add incorrect answers as distractors, enter each item on its own line in the Additional Match Possibilities field. When answering these questions, students will see a randomized list that includes these distractors and all correct answers entered in the Matching right side fields.
Enter Feedback Text
To leave general answer feedback per answer, click the general comments field. 
You can choose to create a correct answer comment, wrong answer comment and general answer comments for the quiz question as a whole.
Note: Any applicable feedback is visible as soon as a quiz is submitted and cannot be hidden from students. 
Update Question
Click the Update Question button.
Add additional individual questions as needed. 
Student View for Matching Question
This is what students see when they encounter a Matching question in a quiz.
Student View for Matching Feedback
If you allow students to see the correct answers, correct responses are marked with a green flag. Incorrect responses will be marked with a red flag and any correct answers not indicated by the student are marked with a gray flag. Partial credit will be assigned if some of the blanks are completed correctly. 