How do I use the Conferences Index Page as an instructor
Open Conferences
In Course Navigation, click the link for your web conferencing tool. The link name reflects the conferencing tool used by your institution. 
View Conferences
Conferences are grouped in two parts: New Conferences and Concluded Conferences. Both always display the conference name and description.
If a student has been invited to a conference, the student can view the conference in the Conferences page.
Manage Conference 
When attendees are removed or added to a course, instructors can sync the attendees with new conferences. When you click the Sync Attendees option, all attendees in the course are added to the new conference.
You can also use the options drop-down menu to edit or delete the conference.
View In Progress Conference
As a moderator, you can start new conferences. Once the conference has started, the conference status shows as in progress. Participants invited to the conference can join as long as the Join button is visible.
View Concluded Conferences
Concluded conferences display in the Concluded Conferences section. Each concluded conference shows the title, date, and description of the conference. 
View Recorded Conference
Concluded conferences that enabled recording display the Arrow icon.
To view the recording and additional details, click the name of the conference.
Open Recording
To replay the conference, click the Video or Presentation link. You can also view the duration of your conference recording.
The recording format link does not appear until the conference has been rendered for playback. The rendering process may take some time to complete. If your conference included closed captioning, the playback bar for the video displays a CC button to view the available captions.
To delete your recording, click the Delete button.
Note: For all basic Conference accounts, recordings are automatically deleted 7 days after the conference ends. 
Open Notes
If your conference included shared notes, you can view the notes by clicking the Notes link. The shared notes will display in a new browser tab, where they can be viewed and copied.
Note: Notes are only available for recorded conferences.
Open Statistics
If your institution has upgraded to the Canvas Conferences premium tier, you can view conference statistics by clicking the Statistics link.
View Statistics
Statistics include metrics about student participation in the recorded session, such as length of time in the session, number of moderators and participants, and the number of students who spoke, messaged, used emojis, or raised their hands during the conference. Metrics also include each student's response to polls. 
To download statistics as a CSV file, click the Download CSV button.