How do I view and sort discussion replies in Discussions Redesign as an instructor
Open Discussions
In Course Navigation, click the Discussions link.
Open Discussion
Click the name of the discussion.
View Discussion
Discussions include a discussion topic and discussion replies. In the topic field, you can view the number of unread and replies are in a discussion. 
You can also receive notifications for discussion activity by subscribing to the discussion. To subscribe to a discussion, click the Subscribe icon. You are automatically subscribed to any discussions you create or reply to. To unsubscribe, click the Unsubscribe icon. 
Note: Notifications from subscribed discussions are based on your notification settings.
View Toolbar
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies.
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the View Inline button.
o view the count of unread replies for each group discussion, click the Group List button. Click the group link to view the group replies.
View Anonymous Discussion Message
If the anonymous discussion option is enabled for the discussion, a message displays noting that student names and profile pictures are hidden, however your name and profile picture is visible to all course members. 
Note: If there are no discussion submissions, you can edit the anonymity details.
View Replies
In discussion replies, you can view the name of the user who posted the reply, the date and time their reply was posted, and the date and time the last threaded reply was posted.
Unread replies are indicated by the Unread icon.
If you allow students to like replies in a discussion, a Like icon appears next to each reply in the discussion. 
Note: If the anonymous discussion option is enabled for the discussion, student names and profile pictures do not display. However, as an instructor, your name and profile picture is visible to all course members.
View Inline Discussion Thread Replies
When viewing inline discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion threads by clicking the Expand Threads and Collapse Threads buttons. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies inline, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
View Split Screen Discussion Thread Replies
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button. 
 When viewing split screen discussion thread replies, you can collapse and expand the discussion thread replies sidebar. When a discussion thread reply is collapsed, you can view the reply indicators showing the number of unread and total replies.
To expand the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the # of replies link. 
View the read and unread replies. 
To view threaded replies options, click the Options icon. You can mark replies as read/unread, mark threaded replies as read/unread, return to the topic, edit the reply, delete the reply, open the reply in SpeedGrader, or report the reply.
To collapse the discussion thread replies sidebar, click the Close icon.
Reply to Discussion
To reply to the discussion topic, click the Reply button. To reply to a discussion reply, click the Reply link.
View Reply Options
To view the Options menu for a reply, click the Options icon.
To mark a reply as unread, click the Mark Post as Unread option.
To return to the main discussion topic, click the Go To Topic option.
To edit a reply, click the Edit option. 
To delete a reply, click the Delete option.
To view a graded discussion reply in SpeedGrader, click the Open in SpeedGrader option.
To report a reply, click the Report option.
View Deleted Reply
You can view the name of the user who deleted a reply and the date and time the reply was deleted.
View Reply History
If students are allowed to edit their discussion posts, you can view the edit history of their post. 
To view the history, click the View History link.
In the Edit History window, you can view any version with the date and time stamp of the student's post. To expand all of the versions, click the Expand all button. 
To return to the discussion, click the Close button.
View Threaded Reply Options
To view the Options menu for a threaded reply, click the Options icon.
To view the original post in a threaded reply, click the Go to Parent option.
To report a reply, click the Report option.