How do I view quiz results as a student
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the title of the quiz.
View Quiz Results
The quiz results screen consists of several areas:
Attempt History
Quiz Results
Submission Details
Unavailable Quiz Results
If your instructor has hidden your quiz grades, your results will be unavailable until grades are posted.
View Attempt History
Attempt History shows your latest quiz attempt, the time it took to take the quiz, and your score.
Attempt History with Repeated Quiz Attempts
For repeated quiz attempts, the history will display the results of every attempt. Each attempt has a hyperlink that will display each quiz result, respectively.
View Quiz Results
If your instructor allows, you can view the results of your quiz along with the correct answers. This view will also show your total score, the time and date it was submitted, and how long it took to complete the quiz.
View Correct Answers
If your instructor allows you to see correct answers, the quiz results will display your answer along with the correct answer. 
A correct answer that you marked will be indicated by a green flag. A wrong answer will be indicated by a red flag pointing to your answer. The correct answer will be indicated by a gray flag.
View Quiz Responses Only
If your instructor does not allow you to view correct answers, the quiz results will only display your responses and note whether they were correct or incorrect.
View Protected Quiz Results
Some instructors will not allow you to view your quiz results at all. This setting is common for quizzes that are allowed multiple attempts. 
View Submission Details
Submission Details is another way to view your quiz results. Displayed in the sidebar, submission details will show the time it took to take the quiz, your current score, and your kept score, which is the score that Canvas records in the Gradebook.
Note: If your current score includes an asterisk, some questions have not been graded by your instructor, such as essay and file upload questions. You can also view the status of your quiz on your Grades page.
Submission Details with Repeated Quiz Attempts
For repeated quiz attempts, the submission details will continue to display the current score and the kept score. However, in this case, the kept score is assigned by your instructor and can either be your latest quiz attempt score, the highest quiz score, or the average of all your scores. The kept score is indicated at the bottom of the submission detail area. 
View Previous Attempts
You can also view previous attempts through the sidebar submission details. Click the View Previous Attempts link.
View Quiz Results for Previous Attempts
Each quiz attempt will be listed in the sidebar with a hyperlink to the quiz results. Click the attempt you wish to view. The quiz results for that attempt will appear. Keep in mind that the same settings will apply in the quiz results, meaning that you may only be able to view your responses or not view quiz results at all.
To return to the quiz, click the Back to Quiz link.