How do I submit a media file as an assignment submission for a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of the assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
If your instructor allows multiple submission types for the assignment, accepted submission types display in the Choose a submission type section.
Click the Media option
If your instructor only allows Media submissions, the Media Upload tool displays in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Media submission type does not display, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions or contact your instructor for assistance.
Open Media Upload Tool
To open the media upload tool, the Record/Upload Media button. 
Upload Media
By default, the Media Upload tool opens on the Computer tab.
To upload a file from your computer, drag and drop a file, or browse your computer files by clicking the Upload File icon.
Select Media File
Select your media file and click the Open button. 
Save File as Submission Draft
Once uploaded, you can review the media using the media player. 
To upload a closed caption or subtitle file, click the Add CC/Subtitle checkbox. 
To delete your uploaded file, click the Delete icon.
To save your media as a submission draft, click the Submit button. 
Note: When a media file is submitted, an upload percentage tracks the upload progress. 
Record Media
To record media, click the Record tab. 
You have the option to record video or audio to upload to the assignment.
To select a microphone for your recording, click the Mic button. To select a webcam, or, to turn the webcam off for audio-only recordings, click the Webcam button.
To begin recording, click the Start Recording button.
Note: If you receive an error that says, "Media comment uploading has not been set up properly," please contact your instructor. 
Finish Recording
To end your recording, click the Finish button. 
Save Recorded Media as Draft
To play your media, click the Play button. 
To erase your current recording and try again, click the Start Over button.
By default, the media file name will save as "Untitled" and include the date and time of the recording. To edit the default file name, type your preferred file name in the File Name field. 
To save your recording as a submission draft, click the Save button. 
Submit Assignment
Once your media file has been saved as a draft submission, you can review it in the media player.
To delete the media file, click the Delete icon.
To submit the media file, click the Submit Assignmentbutton.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.