How do I submit a text entry assignment in a course using Assignment Enhancements as a student
Open Assignments
In Course Navigation, click the Assignments link.
Open Assignment
Click the name of an assignment.
Select Submission Type
Your instructor may specify which submission types are appropriate for each assignment.
In the Choose a submission type section, select the Text option.
If your instructor only allows Text Entry submissions, the Rich Content Editor may display in place of the Choose a submission type section.
Notes:
If the Text option does not display in the Choose a submission type section, your instructor has restricted this submission type.
Not all of your assignments may be submitted online. If you cannot see options to submit your work, your instructor may want you to submit your assignment in a different way or the assignment is not within its availability dates. View the assignment header and details for instructions, or contact your instructor for assistance.
Draft Text Entry
Enter your assignment submission text in the Rich Content Editor.
To format your text or insert content, use the Rich Content Editor menubar or toolbar
View the word count in the Editor Status bar.
Add Media
As part of your text entry assignment submission, you can record media, upload a media file from your computer, or upload a media file from your user files by clicking the Media icon. 
You can also embed images from Canvasand from the web in your text entry assignment submission by clicking the Image icon. Canvas also allows you to embed images from your user files.
To insert media or images, you can also use the Insert menu in the menubar.
Note: You may need to click the Options icon to view the Record/Upload Media and Images icons in the toolbar.
Submit Text Entry
Your work automatically saves as an assignment draft. 
To submit your text entry draft, click the Submit Assignment button.
If you are working on an additional assignment attempt, you can cancel your submission by clicking the Cancel Attempt button.
View Submission
When your submission is successfully submitted, the Progress Tracker displays a Submitted status and your most recent submission displays in a read-only format.
If you choose, you may resubmit another version of your assignment using the New Attempt button.
If you've submitted multiple assignment submissions, you can view previous submissions by clicking the Attempt drop-down.
To add an assignment comment for your instructor, click the Add Comment button.
Notes:
If you're not able to resubmit work, your assignment may no longer be accepting submissions due to the assignment's availability dates.
Once you've submitted your work, the assignment will still display in the Assignments page and the Syllabus.