How do I use the Total column in the Gradebook as an instructor
Open Grades
In Course Navigation, click the Grades link.
Open Total Column Menu
Hover over the Total column header and click the More Options menu.
Sort Total Column
To sort the Gradebook by ascending or descending total grades, click the Sort by link, then select the Grade - Low to High or Grade - High to Low option.
Switch to Points
By default, total grades are shown as a percentage with two decimal places.
If your course uses unweighted assignment groups, you can view your students' total grades as points. Click the Display as Points link.
Canvas confirms you want to switch the total grade view. If you do not want to see this warning message for your course again, click the Don't show... checkbox. 
Click the Continue button.
Switch to Percentages
You can switch back to percentages by clicking the Total menu icon and selecting Display as Percentage. 
Move Total Column
To move the Total column to the front of the Gradebook, click the Move to Front link.
Message Students Who
To send a message to a group of students based on their grades, click the Message Students Who link.
Select Message Recipients
Select a group of users to receive the message. By default, the message is for students who have a Total grade higher than the Cutoff Value. 
To send the message to students whose total grade is lower than a number, click the For students who drop-down menu, and select the Total grade lower than option.
Enter a percentage grade in the Cutoff Value field. 
To select or deselect users with a given role, click the checkboxes in the Send Message To field. 
To view, add, or remove specific users, click the Show all recipients link. 
Enter Message Content
By default, the subject is a message based on your selections. To edit the subject, enter a different subject in the Subject field.
Type a message to the students in the Message field. 
To attach a file to the message, click the Attach button. 
To create a media recording or upload a media file, click the Media icon. 
To send the message, click the Send button.
Notes: 
Although one message most likely will be sent to multiple students at the same time, each student receives an individual message.
You can also message students by individual gradebook assignments.