How do I use Announcements Redesign as an instructor
Enable Feature Option
In order to use Announcements Redesign in your course, you first need to enable the feature option from Course Settings. If the feature option is not available, it has not been enabled by your institution.
Open Feature Options
In Course Navigation, click the Settings link. Then click the Feature Options tab.
Enable Discussions/Announcements Redesign
Locate the Discussions/Announcements Redesign feature and click the State icon so it displays as enabled.
Learn more about managing feature previews in your course.
Note: If the feature is not available, it has not been enabled by your institution. Contact your Canvas administrator for assistance.
Open Announcements
In Course Navigation, click the Announcements link.
Open Announcement
To view an announcement in the Announcements Redesign interface, click the name of the announcement.
Learn more about how to use the Assignment Index page.
View Announcement
An announcement displayed in the Announcements Redesign interface includes three sections: the announcement toolbar, announcement, and announcement replies.
View Announcement Toolbar
To search for replies or specific authors, enter your terms in the search field.
To filter replies, click the Filter drop-down menu. You can filter by all replies or unread replies.
To sort replies by newest or oldest, click the Sort button.
To view threaded replies in a split screen sidebar, click the View Split Screen button.
To view threaded replies all at once, click the Expand Threads button. You can collapse the threaded replies by clicking the Collapse Threads button.
To view threaded replies inline, click the View Inline button.
View Announcement Topic
The announcement topic section includes important information about the announcement, including the topic title and description.
You can also view the name of the author, the role of the author, the date and time the announcement was published or edited, and number of replies.
View Announcement Options
The announcement topic section also includes several tools that allow you to manage your announcement.
To subscribe to or unsubscribe from the announcement, click the Subscribe icon.
To open the announcement's Options menu, click the Options icon. Use the links in the Options menu for the following:
To mark all replies as read, click the Mark All as Read link. 
To mark all replies as unread, click the Mark All as Unread link.
To edit announcement details, click the Edit link. 
To delete the announcement, click the Delete link.
To send the announcement to another instructor, click the Sent To... link. 
To copy the announcement to another course, click the Copy To... link.
View Announcement Replies
Announcement replies display below the announcement topic. 
To view threaded replies, click the # of replies link. 
Learn how to reply to an announcement and view and sort announcement replies.
View Rich Content Editor
When creating or editing announcement topics or replies, you enter and edit your content using the Rich Content Editor. The Rich Content Editor allows you to format text, link text to course or external content, insert media, attach files, and @mention course users. Learn more about using the Rich Content Editor.