How do I view grading periods in an account as an admin
Open Account
Click the Admin link, then click the name of the account.
Open Grading
In Account Navigation, click the Grading link.
Open Grading Periods
Click the Grading Periods tab. 
Filter Grading Period Sets
Grading periods can be filtered by viewing a term in the Terms drop-down menu, or by searching for the name of a term or grading period in the search field.
View Grading Period Sets
The Grading Periods account-level tab displays all grading period sets and their grading periods.
Each grading period set shows the name of the grading period set and the associated terms.
Manage Grading Period Sets
To edit the name or term(s) for a grading period set, click the Edit icon. To delete the grading period set, click the Delete icon.
Add Grading Period Set
To add a new grading period set, click the Add Set of Grading Periods button.
View Grading Periods
To view a grading period, expand the grading period set by clicking the arrow next to the set name.
Each grading period shows the name of the grading period, the start date, the end date, and the close date.
If your grading periods are weighted, you can view each grading period's weighted percentage. The percentages for the entire grading period set can total any number and does not have to add up to 100%. 
Note: Beneath the date fields, Canvas displays the time zone date and time according to context. If you manage an account in a time zone other than your local time zone, the account and local times are displayed for reference.
Manage Grading Periods
To edit dates for a grading period, click the Edit icon. To delete a grading period, click the Delete icon.
To add another grading period, click the Add Grading Period link. 
View Concluded Grading Periods
Once a grading period has concluded, existing grading period sets should never be edited and reused for future terms. Future terms should be added to a new grading period set, with dates defined specifically for the future term. As term dates most commonly last an entire year, new grading period sets should only have to be created annually.
Retaining concluded terms and their associated grading periods ensures accuracy in grading reports.