How do I enable Slack for an account as an admin
Open Slack Apps
Open api.slack.com/apps in your internet browser. 
If necessary, log in to your Slack account. 
Create New Slack App
Click the Create New App button. 
Give the app a name in the App Name field. The app name will display to users in the Slack workspace. 
Select your institution's workspace or the workspace the app should belong to in the Development Slack Workspace drop-down.
To create the app, click the Create App button.
Add OAuth Scope 
Open the OAuth & Permissions page. 
In the Scopes section, click the Add an OAuth Scope button.
Select Scopes
Click the Add permission by Scope or API method drop-down menu and select the following OAuth scope options:
channels:manage: Manage public channels that your Slack app has been added to and create new ones
chat:write: Send messages as your Slack app
groups:write: Manage private channels that your Slack app has been added to and create new ones
im:write: Start direct messages with people
mpim:write: Start group direct messages with people
users:read: View people in the workspace
users:read.email: View email addresses of people in the workspace
Install App 
To save and install the app, click the Install App to Workspace button.
Allow App Workspace Access
A message displays requesting permission for the app to access the Slack workspace. 
Click the Allow button. 
Copy Slack Bot Access Token
Once the app is created in Slack, click the Install App link. 
Locate the Bot User OAuth Access Token and click the Copy button. 
Add Slack API Token
In the Account Settings page in Canvas, locate the Slack API Token section and paste the copied token in the New Slack API Key field. 
To save, click the Update Settings button. 
Note: If the Slack API Key heading does not display, refresh your browser window.
Create Contact Method
In your user settings page, click the Add Contact Method link. 
Click the Slack Email tab, and enter the email address of your Slack account in the Slack Email field. 
Then click the Register Slack Email button. 
Confirm Communication Channel
In Slack, look for a notification sent to the newly-created Slack App with a four-digit Canvas registration code. 
In Canvas, enter the four-digit code in the Confirm Communication Channel field. Then click the Confirm button.
Once confirmed, all users in your Slack account can add the Slack Email contact method and manage their Slack notification settings in the User Settings page. 