How do I leave feedback comments for student submissions in SpeedGrader as an instructor
Open SpeedGrader
Open SpeedGrader from any assignment, graded discussion, or quiz.
Open Student Submission
Use the student list to locate a student submission.
Select Submission
If a student has submitted multiple attempts for the assignment, you can select which submission to view and add feedback. To select a submission, click the Submission to view drop-down menu and select a submission. Submissions are ordered by date submitted.
View Comments Area
In the Assignment Comments section, you can post feedback comments to the student. Any comments that have been made by the student also display in this section.
Note: If the assignment is supported by Assignment Enhancements, the Assignment Comments section may display as Comments for this Attempt.
Add Text Comment
To add a comment to the assignment, enter text in the Add a Comment field. 
To use a comment from the Comment Library, click the Comment Library icon. 
To expand the size of the comment field, click and drag the corner of the text box.
Add File Comment
To attach a file to the comment, click the Attach icon.
Add Media Comment
To record a webcam video, screen capture, audio comment, or to upload a media file, click the Media icon.
Use Chrome Speech Recognition
If you are using Google Chrome, you can use the speech recognition tool to leave comments.
Add Emoji
If enabled by your institution, you can add emojis to submission comments.
To select an emoji, click the Emoji icon.
To use a recently used emoji, click the emoji from the recently used menu. 
Manage Group Assignment Comments
Individually graded group assignments include commenting options. To send your comment to one student in a group, select Send comment to this student only. To send your comment to the whole group, select Send comment to the whole group.
Comments on group submissions that are not graded individually are sent to each member of the group.
You can learn more about grading group assignments.
Note: A student may be unable to view group assignment comments if they are not assigned to a group and if the assignment is not set to grade students individually. However, students can view those comments on the Grades page.
View Unposted Comment Warning
When you create a text, media, or audio comment and try to advance to the next student or a previous student for the assignment, you are notified that the comment has been created but not posted. 
To save the comment as a draft for the submission, click the Proceed button.
You can choose to not be notified for comments that have not been posted by clicking the Do not show again for this assignment checkbox.
Notes:
The option to not show the warning applies on a per-assignment basis. Viewing another assignment and navigating between students before posting a comment also displays the warning.
The option is also stored on a per-browser basis, so viewing an assignment in a different browser also displays the warning.
View Draft Comment
After navigating away from the SpeedGrader page and saving a comment as a draft, you can return to the submission at any time and submit or delete the comment. 
Note: Students cannot view a draft comment until you submit the comment.
Submit Comment
Click the Submit button.
View Comment
Comments are organized chronologically with the older comments appearing near the top and the newer comments appearing at the bottom.
Note: Depending on the size of your browser window, comments within the SpeedGrader comment field may appear to be limited. You can use the scrollbar within the field to view additional or longer comments. 