How do I create hyperlinks to user or group files in the Rich Content Editor as a student
Open Rich Content Editor
Open the Rich Content Editor when using one of the Canvas features which support the Editor.
Note: The Rich Content Editor supports keyboard shortcuts. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press ALT+F8 (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (Mac keyboard).
Select Link Location
To insert a hyperlink to a user or group content item, select the text for your hyperlink.
If you want to insert a link to a document and display the name of the file, click to place your cursor in the location in the Rich Content Editor where you want the link to appear. This method only applies when inserting a user or group document and will not work for images or multimedia files.
Open User Links
To link to an image, media, or document in your User Files, click either the Images icon, Record/Upload Media icon, or the Documents icon and select the User option for the desired file type. The option name will display as User Images, User Media, or User Documents.
Note: To view these icons, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Group Links
If creating a link within a group, you can link to group files by clicking the Link Options arrow and selecting the Group Links option. 
Notes: 
If creating a link within a group, you can link to group file types. The option name displays as Group Images, Group Media, or Group Documents.
To view the Links icon, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Open Insert Menu
In the menubar, click the Insert link. You can navigate to view the Link, Image, Media, and Document options.
View and Sort Files
By default, the Add menu displays all files in your selected file source. 
To sort the displayed files by image, document, or media file type, click the Type drop-down menu. 
To sort the displayed files by date added, date published, or alphabetically, click the Sort by drop-down menu.
To search for a file, enter the file name in the Search field. You must enter at least three characters for search results to display.
Select File
Click the name of the file you want to link in the Rich Content Editor. 
Note: The text will flash before turning into a hyperlink.
View Link
View the link displaying the hyperlinked text or the name of the file.
Save Changes
Click the Save button.
Note: When using the Rich Content Editor in Discussions, the Save button may appear as the Post Reply button.
View Content
View the content. To view the linked file, click the link.
To download the file, click the Download icon.
Note: Links to external URLs display an Open icon. 