How do I view a list of all Canvas courses in which I am an observer as an observer
Open Courses
In Global Navigation, click the Courses link, then click the All Courses link.
View Courses
Courses are organized into All Courses, Past Enrollments, and Future Enrollments.
View All Courses
All Courses are courses that are part of the current semester or term. However, depending on access settings for a course, My Courses can also display courses that have not yet started or that are unpublished.
Active courses that are available to you are listed in blue text. These courses have been published and include a link to the course. To open a course, click the name of the course. Courses that are within the current term dates but are not yet available are listed in black text. These courses have not been published.
You can also view any nicknames you have created for courses. 
If a course includes a term date, the term date displays next to the course name.
Each course includes your enrollment status. Statuses can be student, teacher, TA, observer, designer, or a custom role as created by your institution. 
In the All Courses section, you can customize the courses list and mark courses as favorites. Favorite courses display in the Card View Dashboard. 
You can change the order that courses are listed by clicking the Sort icon in the header. The column currently used for sorting displays either the ascending or descending icon to indicate the sort order.
View Past Enrollments
Courses under the Past Enrollments heading are courses that have concluded but are still available as read-only archived courses. You can view course material and grades but can no longer participate in the course.
Note: Some institutions may not allow past enrollments to display in the Courses page.
View Future Enrollments
Future Enrollments are courses that will be made available as part of an upcoming term or specific course start date. Future courses may be published or unpublished. However, some institutions may restrict you from viewing published courses before the start date. 
If a future course includes a link, you can view course content but cannot fully participate in the course until the start date. Participation includes submitting assignments and replying to discussions.
If a future course does not include a link, you cannot view the course until the start date. 
Note: Some institutions may not allow future enrollments to display in the Courses page.