Logging into a Free-for-Teacher account
Log In
To log in to a Free-for-Teacher (FFT) account, navigate to https://canvas.instructure.com or https://k12.instructure.com. 
Enter your email and password. To log in, click then Log In button. 
Note: If you have added multiple email addresses to your account, use the original email added during account creation to log in.
Find Account
If you are unable to log in to the FFT login page, you may need to locate your institution's Canvas URL.After a failed login attempt, a warning message displays suggestion you may have an account with another institution.
To search for your institution, click the Click here to find it link.
Select Institution
Enter the name of your institution in the Search for your school or institution field. Select the name of your institution from the search results.
Note: You must enter at least three characters in the search field for results to display.
Confirm Login Information
If you do not have a separate institution URL, confirm that you are using the correct email address and password to use on the FFT login page. If you have added multiple email addresses to your account, use the original email added during account creation.
If you’ve confirmed the login credentials are correct, you can reset your passwordby clicking the Forgot Password? link.
Reset Password
Check your email inbox, as well as any spam or junk folders, for a password request email.
When you open the email, you can reset your password by clicking the Click here to set a new password link.
Confirm Password
In some cases, you may get a message that the system administrators should have provided the password to you. Please contact your instructor or system administrator for more information on changing or verifying your password.
Use External Authentication
If your account was created using an external authentication method, such as Google, Facebook, or Office 365, you may need to log in using this authentication provider. To log in, click the icon that represents the provider.
Note: If you’d like to log in using your email and password, please contact Canvas Support for assistance.