Logging into Canvas
Find Your School's Canvas URL
You can use our Canvas URL search page to search for and find your institution or school's Canvas URL. To find your school's Canvas URL, be as specific as possible with the name of your school and try alternative names, such as the name of your school district, abbreviations, or longer institution names.
Verify Canvas URL
Verify that you are using the correct Canvas URL for your school or institution. If you do not know which URL to use, you may need to contact your institution's IT department.
Note: Depending on your institution, you may need to log in via Single Sign On (SSO). This means you may need to enter your username and password on a login page that displays differently than the image above. For more information on logging into your institution's SSO page, contact your IT department.
Verify Username & Password
Verify that you are using the correct username and password.
If you use more than one Canvas URL, make sure you are using the correct login and password for each Canvas URL. 
If your login and password were given to you from your institution and you are having trouble logging in, please contact your institution. (Your institution may have changed your login credentials.)
If you do not have a login and password, you may need to create an account.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Sometimes stored data can inadvertently cause loading or formatting issues.
Verify System Requirements
Canvas supports many popular browsers, and the best practice is to use the latest version. Canvas also has various other hardware and system requirements. For more information and to verify that your browser is supported, review the browser and computer requirements for Instructure products.
Use Incognito/Private Browser
Something in your browser may be blocking your access to Canvas. To verify this, try using Chrome’s incognito mode, Firefox Private mode, or Microsoft Edge InPrivate mode. 
Request New Password
If allowed by your instititution, you can reset your password by clicking the Forgot Password? link.
Request Password
Enter your email address in the Email field. Then click the Request Password button.
Learn more about resetting your password.
Note: It may take up to 30 minutes for your password reset email to send.