Once I publish a quiz, how do I use the Moderate Quiz page
Open Quizzes
In Course Navigation, click the Quizzes link.
Open Quiz
Click the name of the quiz.
Moderate This Quiz
Click the Moderate This Quiz link.
View Search Filter
To view the quiz attempts of a specific student, use the Search People field.
View Moderate Quiz Columns
The Moderate Quiz page displays the following information:
Student name
Number of times the student has already attempted to take this quiz
Quiz time—completed attempts show the time it took for the student to complete the quiz; running time shows the remaining time the student has to complete the quiz
Number of remaining attempts, if any
Quiz score—for multiple submissions, the score is the most recent attempt
To refresh the page and make sure all column statistics are current, click the refresh icon. 
View Current Attempt Time
If you view the Moderate Quiz page while a student is currently taking a quiz, the Time column shows the running time for the quiz. When time has expired, the Time column displays the submission as Time Up! 
For non-timed quizzes, the timer counts down to the quiz Until date. If no Until date is set for the quiz, the quiz defaults to the course end date. The highest number display is in months, days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
Note: When students are taking a non-timed quiz, their timer will show the elapsed time counting up.
View Timed Quiz Current Attempt Time
If you view the Moderate Quiz page while a student is currently taking a timed quiz, the Time column shows the running time remaining in the quiz. When time has expired, the Time column displays the submission as Time Up! 
The quiz also displays a clock icon that you can use to extend time on the current attempt. Learn more about moderating current timed quizzes.
Note: When students are taking a timed quiz, their timer will show the elapsed time counting down.
View Outstanding Submissions
If the page displays a warning message, time has expired on one or more student submissions, but the submissions are outstanding and need to be manually submitted. Learn how to submit outstanding quizzes.
Moderate Quiz
You can use the Edit icon to moderate the quiz at any time for a student. Moderating a quiz lets you give students extra attempts and manually unlock quiz attempts. Depending on the quiz settings, you can also give extra time for timed quizzes and let students see quiz results one more time. 
If you want moderate a quiz for multiple students and apply the same settings for each, you can apply your changes to all students at once. Learn more about giving extra quiz attempts.