Open Collaborations
Open Collaborations
In Course Navigation, click the Collaborations link.
Start a New Collaboration
Click the Start a new collaboration button. 
Authorize Google
If you have not previously authorized Google Drive access in Canvas, you may be prompted to authorize access. Click the Authorize button.
Select Type
In the Kind drop-down menu, select the type of collaboration you want to create. You can create a Document, Spreadsheet, or Presentation.
Add Details
To create a name for the collaboration, click the Name header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the name. 
To create a description for the collaboration, click the Description header. The page will create a text field for you to enter the description. 
Add People
The collaboration defaults to the People tab. If you want to collaborate with individual people in your course, click the name of a user you want to add to the collaboration. The user's name will move to the right side of the window.
Add as many users as necessary.
Notes: 
Your instructor can view and access all collaborations added in the course, even if you do not add your instructor to the collaboration directly.
Collaborators must have a Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
You can add multiple groups to a collaboration, but all groups will collaborate in the same document. For group-specific collaborations, consider creating a new collaboration for each group or creating a group collaboration from groups.
Remove Collaborators
To remove a collaborator, click the Remove icon. To remove all users, click the Remove All link.
Add Groups
You can also create collaborations with groups. To select an entire group, click the Groups tab. Select the group(s) you want to add to the collaboration.
Notes: 
You can select individual users as well as a group in a collaboration.
Collaborators must have Google account and will need to authorize Canvas before they can view the collaboration.
Submit Collaboration
Click the Submit button.
View Collaboration
View your collaboration. To edit the collaboration, click the Edit icon. To delete the collaboration, click the Delete icon.