Pages Overview (Instructors)
In this video, you will learn how to create and manage pages in Canvas.
Last updated: 2023-06-02
View the script for this video
To view subtitles for this video, click the button in the toolbar.
Video overviews reflect current feature functionality in Canvas; they are updated based on workflow changes, not on minor or non-functional interface enhancements. Depending on your institution's Canvas theme, the Canvas interface may display differently than shown in this video, but the functionality is the same.
To learn more about sections and cross-listing, visit the following lessons:
How do I use the Pages Index Page?
How do I create a new page in a course?
How do I edit a page in a course?
Pages Overview (Instructors) Video Script
In this video, you will learn how to create and manage pages in Canvas.Using Pages, you can add, format, and display content and educational resources that are part of your course.
To get started, click the Pages link in Course Navigation.If you have selected a front page, click the View All Pages button.To add a new page, click the Add Page button.Give your page a title in the title field.Then add text,media,and other instructional content using the New Rich Content Editor.Depending on your settings, you can manage editing access for your page by clicking the Options drop-down menu. By default, only teachers can edit pages.To add the page to students’ To-Do lists, click the Add to student to-do checkbox.To notify users of changes made to the page, click the Notify users that this content has changed checkbox.To save your page as a draft, click the Save button.To save and publish your page in your course, click the Save & Publish button.
After pages have been added to a course, they will display in the Pages Index page.The Index page displays page titles, creation dates, last edit information and, if applicable, the To-Do date.To sort any of these columns in ascending or descending order, click the arrow next to the header.You can bulk delete pages by clicking the checkboxes of applicable pages and clicking the delete icon.To publish or unpublish a page from the index, click the publish icon.Click the Options icon to edit, delete, or duplicate the page.You can also choose to copy the page to another course in which you’re enrolled or send the page to another instructor at your institution using the Copy to and Send to options. To set the page as the front page, select the Use as Front Page link. The selected front page displays when a user clicks on the Pages link in Course Navigation and, depending on your settings, can show as the course home page.Once selected, a Front Page tag displays next to the page title.
To view a history of revisions made to a page, open the page by clicking the page title,then click the Options iconand select View Page History.Anyone with page edit permission can view revision details, including the date, time and author.To view a previous version of the page, click the revision date in the Revision History sidebar.To restore a previous version of the page, click the Restore this version link.
Thanks for watching this Pages overview video.To learn more about Canvas, ask questions, or engage with other Canvas users, please visit community.canvaslms.com.