Student Getting Started Resources
Introduction
What is Canvas?
Canvas is a Learning Management System. To learn more about Canvas terminology and definitions, visit How does Canvas define the terms used to describe its features and functions?
Because Canvas is a web-based system, it doesn’t need to be installed on your computer. However, you’ll want to make sure that your computer and web browser meet the basic requirements to run Canvas.
What is the Student role?
In Canvas, the Student role is most commonly used to enroll users who will participate in a course for course credit. Users enrolled as students can view course content and participate in course assignments and communications. Students cannot view and participate in a course until it is published and the course has started.
Canvas for Elementary
Canvas for Elementary is a Canvas setting that displays a simplified interface and experience designed for younger learners.
Canvas Guides
The Canvas Student Guide has over 200 articles that each answer a question that relates to using the Canvas interface as a student. Each article also includes Next and Previous links so you can easily navigate to related content.
User Account Setup
Before you can do anything in Canvas, you'll need an account and the URL for your institution's Canvas website. View the articles below for help with setting up your account, logging in, and managing your user settings.
How do I accept an email invitation to join a Canvas course as a student?
How do I sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student?
How do I edit my profile in my user account as a student?
How do I change the settings in my user account as a student?
How do I log in to Canvas as a student?
Use QR Code to Log In
Theres a very simple way to log in to the Canvas Student app. In the web version of Canvas, if you click the Account link in the Global Navigation menu, you'll see a QR for Mobile Login link. After opening the Canvas Student app on your mobile device, scan that code. You will be instantly logged-in, without having to worry about connecting to your school and retyping your information.
How do I view a QR code to log in to the Canvas mobile apps as a student?
How do I log in to the Canvas Student app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I log in to the Canvas Student app on my Android Device with a QR code?
Canvas Overview
Once your account is set up, take a minute to familiarize yourself with the Canvas user interface. The articles below show you how to navigate Canvas and use a few of the tools that link across all your courses.
How do I use the Global Navigation Menu as a student?
How do I use the Dashboard as a student?
How do I use the Inbox as a student?
How do I use the Calendar as a student?
How do I use Files as a student?
How do I add and modify text in the Rich Content Editor as a student?
Course Basics
Within a Canvas course, you can submit assignments, participate in discussions, view grades, and collaborate with other students. What is available in your course depends on what has been implemented by your instructor. View the articles below for some of the basics of Canvas courses.
How do I use the Course Home Page as a student?
How do I view Assignments as a student?
How do I submit an online assignment?
How do I view my grades in a current course?
How do I reply to a discussion as a student?
How do I reply to a discussion in Discussions Redesign as a student?
How do I take a quiz? (Classic Quizzes)
How do I take a quiz in New Quizzes?
How do I view Collaborations as a student?
How do I use Conferences in a course as a student?
How do I view Pages as a student?
Learn more about Canvas features in the Canvas Basics Guide.
Canvas on Mobile Devices
Visit the Canvas Student Android Guide or the Canvas Student iOS Guide to learn more.
How can I use Canvas on my mobile device as a student?
What is the Canvas Student app?
Canvas for Elementary Student Android Guide
Canvas for Elementary Student iOS Guide
Canvas Student Mobile Features
Canvas Student App
Canvas also has a free mobile app available for iOS and Android that is specifically tailored to students. View information about the Student app below.
How do I download the Canvas Student app on my iOS device?
How do I log in to the Student app on my iOS device with a Canvas URL?
How do I log in to the Student app on my iOS device with a QR code?
How do I use the Student app on my iOS device?
How do I view Assignments in the Student app on my iOS device?
How do I download the Student app on my Android device?
How do I log in to the Student app on my Android device with a Canvas URL?
How do I log in to the Canvas Student app on my Android device with a QR code?
How do I use the Student app on my Android device?
How do I view Assignments in the Student app on my Android device?
Additional Resources
Getting Started with Canvas in 10 Steps (Students)
Getting Started with Canvas as a Student (Video Series)
Canvas for Elementary Student Guides
Troubleshooting for Students