Submitting a Canvas assignment
View Content Type
In Canvas, you can submit an assignment, graded discussion, or quiz. Make sure you are in the right area of Canvas by viewing the navigation breadcrumbs or the Course Navigation Menu.
You can access your assignment from the Assignments page, Discussions page, Quizzes page, or Modules page. If you are in another area in Canvas, try navigating to one of these pages.
View Assignment
To submit an assignment, click the Submit Assignment button.
View Discussion
To submit to a discussion, enter your response in the Reply field.
View Quiz
To take a quiz, click the Take the Quiz button for Classic Quizzes or Begin button for New Quizzes.
View Submission Attempts
Your instructor may limit the number of submission attempts you are allotted for an assignment. If your assignment has a limited number of submissions, you can view the number of submission attempts you have made and the number of submission allowed for the assignment.
Once you have used all your submission attempts, the Submit Assignment button displays as disabled.
View Submission Type
View the submission type for your assignment. If the submission type says No Submission or On Paper, you will not be able to submit the assignment in Canvas. 
View Availability Dates
Your instructor may have set availability dates that determine when you can submit your assignment. If you are not within the availability dates, the assignment will display as locked and you will not be able to submit your assignment.
Note: The submission will not upload to Canvas if you are in the middle of submitting and the availability date passes.
View File Types
Your instructor may have restricted which file types can be submitted for your assignment. View the allowed file types to see which files you can use.
Check Browser Version
Canvas supports the two most recent versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge. Learn about which browsers are supported in Canvas.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Follow the steps below depending on which browser and operating system you use.
Chrome
PC:
In the Chrome browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
Use the drop-down menu to select the time range from which you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
Mac:
In the browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
In the data drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site and plug-in data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Chrome, visit Google Support.
Edge
In the Edge menu bar, click the Hub icon.
To view your browsing history, click the History icon.
Click the Clear all history link.
Choose the types of data or files you want to remove. Select the Cookies and saved website data and Cached data and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Edge, visit Microsoft Support.
Firefox
PC:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
Mac:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Firefox, visit Firefox Support.
Safari
In the Safari menu bar, click the Safari option.
Click the Clear History link.
In the Clear History drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Click the Clear History button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Safari, visit Apple Support.
Use Incognito/Private Browser
If clearing your cache and cookies doesn't resolve the problem, something in your browser may be blocking your access to Canvas. To verify this, try using Chrome incognito or Firefox Private mode.