Using Canvas Conferences
View Conference Status
Begin by checking the status of your conference. To view your course conference, click the BigBlueButton link in Course Navigation.
Conferences that are in progress or haven't started are listed in the New Conferences section. Any conference that is available to join display the Join button.
Conferences that do not display the Join button haven't started yet. View conference details or contact your instructor for more information.
If your conference is listed in the Concluded Conferences section, it is completed and no longer available.
Clear Cache and Cookies
Begin by clearing your browser's cache and cookies. Follow the steps below depending on which browser and operating system you use.
Chrome
PC:
In the Chrome browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
Use the drop-down menu to select the time range from which you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
Mac:
In the browser toolbar, click the Menu icon.
Click the More Tools link.
Click the Clear browsing data link.
In the data drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Select the Cookies and other site and plug-in data and Cached images and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear Browsing Data button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Chrome, visit Google Support.
Edge
In the Edge menu bar, click the Hub icon.
To view your browsing history, click the History icon.
Click the Clear all history link.
Choose the types of data or files you want to remove. Select the Cookies and saved website data and Cached data and files checkboxes.
Click the Clear button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Edge, visit Microsoft Support.
Firefox
PC:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
Mac:
In the Firefox menu bar, click the Firefox option.
Select the Preferences link.
Click the Privacy tab.
Under the History heading, click the clear your recent history link.
Select the Cache checkbox.
Click the Clear Now button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Firefox, visit Firefox Support.
Safari
In the Safari menu bar, click the Safari option.
Click the Clear History link.
In the Clear History drop-down menu, select the time range where you want to clear browsing data.
Click the Clear History button.
To learn more about clearing your cache in Safari, visit Apple Support.
Use Incognito/Private Browser
If clearing your cache and cookies doesn't resolve the problem, something in your browser may be blocking your access to Canvas Conferences.  To verify this, try using Chrome’s incognito or Firefox Private mode.
Try New Browser
If you cannot access a conference from an incognito or private browser, try using a different browser. Canvas generally recommends using Chrome or Firefox.
View Canvas Status Page
If you are still having trouble accessing your conference, view the Canvas status page to see if something is currently affecting Conferences.