What is New Analytics
New Analytics Access
To access New Analytics from Course Navigation, click the New Analytics link. 
You can also access New Analytics from the New Analytics button in the Course Home Page.
Note: If you do not see New Analytics in Course Navigation, an instructor may need to enable New Analytics in your Course Navigation. 
When would I use New Analytics as an instructor?
You can use New Analytics to track course grades for student submissions, course activity, individual student data, communication data, submission status data, and online attendance. 
As an instructor, you can perform various activities using the following tabs in New Analytics:
Course Grade: View average course grade analytics as an interactive chart graph or a data table. You can also compare the course average with an individual assignment, course section, or student filter using the chart graph comparison or data table comparison. 
Weekly Online Activity: Access page view and participation data as an interactive chart graph or a data table. You can also compare the course average weekly online participation analytics with an individual student or section using the chart graph comparison or data table comparison.
Students: View grade and participation analytics for individual students. You can also view message communication data between you and individual students.
Reports: Run and download reports on missing, late, or excused assignments. The Class Roster report provides a list of enrolled students along with their contact information. The Course Activity report provides a list of daily user interactions in course resources.
Online Attendance: Discover whether students have met online attendance criteria that has been selected by an admin. Admins must enable and configure this report.
You can also use New Analytics to communicate with students based on the analytics. You can:
Send a message to all students based on specific course grade or participation criteria.
Send a message to an individual student based on specific course grade or participation criteria.
Notes:
Data is for viewing only and cannot directly be changed.
Page views and participation metrics include an aggregate across all devices, including Canvas mobile apps.
When would I use New Analytics as a student?
You can use New Analytics as a student to view and/or download data about your grades, course activity, and communication. To access data, click the following tabs:
Course Grade: View a graph or table displaying your grades and submissions
Weekly Online Activity: View a graph or table displaying page views and participation activities
Communication: View a graph or table displaying Inbox message data
What are page views and participations?
A "page view" is when you open a page in a course. Page views can give indicate how a user has been accessing course resources. However, because page view data is based on requests to the server, use page view data as a good approximation to activity and not an absolute metric. Page view data is most valuable for understanding whether activity occurred, and to make comparisons across students within a course or when viewing trends week to week.
Several actions define participation in Canvas and collectively describe events where a user takes an action within a course. The following student actions generate analytics course participation:
Announcements: posts a new comment to an announcement
Assignments: submits an assignment
Collaborations: loads a collaboration to view/edit a document
Conferences: joins a web conference
Discussions: posts a new comment to a discussion
Pages: creates a page
Quizzes: submits a quiz
Quizzes: starts taking a quiz