What is the Teacher role
Teacher Role Use
Teachers may create course materials, view course data, and access and manage all areas of a Canvas course. For example, an instructor may be added to a course with the Teacher role to lead a course. 
The main uses of the Teacher role are to allow a user to: 
Create and modify course content
Moderate and submit grades
Manually invite others to the course
Communicate with course participants
Access course analytics and student data
Monitor and moderate the participation and interactions of all enrolled users in a course
When a user manually creates a course, Canvas automatically enrolls that user as a Teacher in the course. A teacher may also be enrolled in a course manually by an administrator or automatically by SIS import.
Teacher Access in Canvas
By default, instructors with the Teacher role may access all areas of a Canvas course. However, these permissions may vary among institutions. To learn more about Teacher participation in Canvas, visit the Canvas Instructor Guide. 
A Teacher can: 
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Add, edit, and delete assignments, quizzes, course files and pages, and all other course content
Add, edit, and delete items in a course calendar, including Scheduler appointments
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Create, view, and post to course announcements and discussions
Create and edit rubrics
Create conferences and student collaborations 
Create, edit, and delete course sections and student groups
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
Read SIS data
Send messages to other course users and to all members of a course
View all student group pages for a course 
View and comment on student submissions
View and link to question banks
View and manage course enrollments, including the enrollment of other teachers, course designers, teacher assistants, and students
View course analytics
View grade audit trail
View, moderate, and edit all grades
View usage reports for a course
A Teacher cannot: 
Create a Blueprint course
Change the associated course term
Masquerade as another user in a course
Set up third party authentication for a course
Unconclude a course
Upload student enrollments via SIS imports
View course change logs
Teacher Role Limitations
Teachers cannot modify availability of any of the above permissions. Only administrators can modify access to these functions. 
Teachers can only create, modify, and moderate content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Only users with administrative permissions may import SIS data. Teachers cannot import SIS data. 