What are Grades and the Gradebook
What is the Gradebook?
The Gradebook helps instructors easily input and distribute grades for students. Grades for each assignment can be calculated as points, percentages, complete or incomplete, pass or fail, GPA scale, and letter grades, and assignments can be organized into groups for weighting as well. 
You can also use SpeedGrader to help you assign out grades. 
Columns are automatically created in the Gradebook when you create and publish assignments, graded discussions, and graded quizzes and surveys. A column is also automatically added for the Attendance tool.
When would I use the Gradebook?
Use the Gradebook to:
View grades by grading periods
View assignment submission notifications and assignment details 
Sort the gradebook by assignment due dates, student names, secondary id, total scores, or group scores (if applicable)
Create and apply specific gradebook filters that may be used once or saved for future use
Download assignment submissions from students to grade or view them offline when no internet connection is available
Manually enter student grades
Automatically calculate total and final grades
Assign zeros after deadline
Simultaneously view grade information across all courses
Notify students when an assignment has been graded
View Grade history and revert updated assignment scores to previous scores (including grades from multiple submissions and/or regraded quizzes)
Download or upload Grades as a CSV file
Hide grades from students until they are published
Create custom curving and grade ranges
Message students who have submitted an assignment, who haven't submitted an assignment yet, have not been graded, who scored more than X or less than Y on an assignment, or had an assignment reassigned.
Leave private grading notes/comments for the student
Excuse an assignment, discussion, or quiz for a student
Note: To view a window with a list of keyboard navigation shortcuts, press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously on your keyboard.
What is the Learning Mastery Gradebook?
The Learning Mastery Gradebook helps instructors and admins assess the outcome standards being used in Canvas courses rather than letter grades. This gradebook helps institutions measure student learning for accreditation and better assess the needs of their students. 
When would I use the Learning Mastery Gradebook?
Use the Learning Mastery Gradebook to:
Measure student progress and student learning
View student scores based on learning standards and outcomes
Filter students based on mastery learning levels 
View course statistics 
Assess course curriculum and teaching methods