What options can I use to regrade a quiz in a course
Regrade Question Types
Currently, quiz regrade is available Multiple Choice, True/False, and Multiple Answers question types. 
Learn how to regrade Multiple Choice questions
Learn how to regrade True/False questions
Learn how to regrade Multiple Answers questions
Regrade Restrictions
Quiz regrade does not apply to questions linked to a question bank since questions may be used in more than one quiz. 
Additionally, adding or deleting answers from a question with submissions disables the option to regrade that question.
Regrade Options
When you change the correct answer in a quiz question, Canvas presents up to four quiz regrade options, depending on the question type.
Award Points for Both Answers
Using quiz analytics or student feedback, you may find that students found a question too confusing, or you realized that the question could have been listed with multiple answers when only one was selected. In cases like these, you can select the Award points for both corrected and previously correct answers option to avoid penalizing your students.
Notes: 
If a question has been regraded multiple times, the Award points for both corrected and previously correct answers option only awards points for the corrected answer and the latest answer marked as correct.
This option is not available for Multiple Answer questions.
Award Points for Correct Answer
Occasionally an incorrect answer may get marked as the correct answer for a quiz. The Only award points for the corrected answer option allows you to correct the answer and give credit to those who selected the answer that should have been correct. 
Give Everyone Full Credit 
In some cases it might be appropriate to simply give everyone full credit for a question. Select the Give everyone full credit for this question option.
Update without Regrading
If you need to improve your question or answers for a future quiz, you can select the Update question without regrading option to update a question without regrading the students who have already taken the quiz.