What is the Student role
Student Role Use
The main use of the Student role is to link Canvas users to courses where they may access course content in order to receive course credit. For example, Students in a Canvas course often take quizzes and tests and submit assignments for a course grade.
Students can participate in any Canvas area their teacher has enabled for the course. Students can be linked to one or multiple courses and may submit work, see grades, assignments, and events, and interact with other course members. 
Depending on the institution, students may have different levels of access to Canvas courses. Students may have access to all past, current, and future courses. Alternately, students can be enrolled in individual courses. Students may be enrolled in a course automatically by SIS import, or manually by a teacher, or by self-enrollment. 
Student Access in Canvas
Listed below are the default Canvas permissions for the Student role. However, institutions may modify Student role permissions as needed. To learn more about Student participation in Canvas, view the Canvas Student Guide. 
Students can:
View course announcements
Submit assignments 
View the course calendar
View and and post to open discussions
View and participate in Chat
Create conferences and student collaborations
Upload and manage files
Create ePortfolios
Create and manage group pages
View their course grades
View a list of users in a course
Send messages to other users in a course
Students cannot:
Add, edit, and delete items in a course calendar 
Add or remove others in a course
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
View other course participants’ grades
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Add, edit, and delete course content, sections, or student groups
Create and edit rubrics
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Read SIS data
View course analytics and usage reports for a course
View and link to question banks
View all student group pages for a course
View grade audit trail
Student Role Limitations
Students can only view content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Students cannot view locked or unpublished course materials. 
If the enabled at the account level, students may be able to create, edit, and delete Scheduler appointments in the course calendar that are visible to other course members.
Students may be able to view and comment on other students’ submissions if a teacher has enabled this option for an assignment. 
Each teacher can customize the links in the Course Navigation and limit the number of features that Students and Observers can see. Students may or may not see links to certain features. 