What is the Rich Content Editor
View Rich Content Editor
The Rich Content Editor includes the content area, the menubar, and the toolbar. 
In the content area, you can add and preview the page content. 
In the menubar, you can use the menu options to format the page content. 
In the toolbar, you can format text; insert links, images, media, and documents; access the Lucid EDU suite; open external tools; format paragraphs; clear formatting; add tables; insert an equation; and embed media. When content in a browser window is long enough to require a scroll bar, the toolbar is fixed at the top of the browser window.
To view the more toolbar options, you may have to click the Options icon. 
Note: If enabled by your institution, the Rich Content Editor Icon Maker, allows you to make icons in your course within the Rich Content Editor.
What Canvas Features Use the Rich Content Editor?
The following Canvas features use the Rich Content Editor:
Announcements
Assignments
Discussions
New Quizzes
Pages
Quizzes
Syllabus
Open Keyboard Shortcuts
Canvas users can use keyboard navigation in the Rich Content Editor. To view the Keyboard Shortcuts menu, click the Keyboard icon or press the Shift+Question Mark keys simultaneously. You can also open the menu by pressing the Alt+F8 keys (PC keyboard) or Option+F8 keys (Mac keyboard) simultaneously.
View Keyboard Shortcuts Menu
The following shortcuts are supported in the Rich Content Editor:
To open the Keyboard Shortcuts dialog, press Alt+F8 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F8 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously
To focus the element options toolbar, press Ctrl+F9 (on a PC keyboard) or Cmd+F9 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously
To focus on the editor's menubar, press Alt+F9 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F9 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously
To open the editor's toolbar, press Alt+F10 (on a PC keyboard) or Option+F10 (on a Mac keyboard) simultaneously
To close a menu or dialog and return to the editor area, press the Esckey
To navigate through a menu or toolbar, press the Tabkey
You can also use other keyboard shortcuts