What is the Teacher Assistant role
Teacher Assistant Role Use
The main use of the Teacher Assistant role is to support a course instructor. Teacher assistants can create course materials, access and manage Canvas course materials, and engage with others enrolled in the course. For example, instructors sometimes use teacher assistants to grade assignments in courses with large student enrollments. 
Teacher assistant access to Canvas courses depends on the institution. Teacher assistants may have access to all past, current, and future courses. Alternately, Teacher assistants may only be enrolled in and granted access to individual courses. A teacher assistant may be enrolled in a course automatically by SIS import or manually by an instructor. 
Teacher Assistant Access in Canvas
An institution may modify some Teacher assistant course-level permissions. Teacher assistants have access to Canvas courses as outlined in the Canvas Instructor guide. 
Teacher Assistants can: 
Add and delete external applications (LTI) for a course
Create conferences and student collaborations 
Create and edit rubrics
Customize Course Navigation links 
Delete and lock discussions and edit others’ discussion posts
Generate observer pairing codes for students
Manage assignments, quizzes, course files and pages, and all other course content 
Manage items in a course calendar, including Scheduler appointments 
Manually add students to a course
Send messages to other course users and to all members of a course
View a list of users in a course
View all student group pages for a course 
View and comment on student submissions
View and edit grades 
View and link to question banks
View course analytics
View course announcements and discussions
View usage reports for a course
Teacher Assistants cannot:
Add, edit, and delete learning outcomes associated with course content
Create, edit, and delete course sections
Create, edit, and delete student groups
Publish, conclude, and delete courses
Read SIS data
View grade audit trail
Teacher Assistant Limitations
Teacher assistants can only view content for a course in which they are enrolled. 
Teacher assistants cannot submit work on behalf of students, nor can they submit final grades for students. 